80846A31	Conditional Random Fields (CRFs) are undirected probabilistic graphical models that were introduced for solving sequence labeling and segmenting problems. CRFs have several advantages compared to other well understood and widely used techniques such as Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) or Maximum Entropy Markov Models (MEMMs). Being a conditional model, it does not explicitly model the input data sequences but uses feature functions (features) to incorporate the arbitrary interactions and inter-dependencies that exist in the observation sequences. The number of all possible features is extremely large, up to millions, and is usually specified and designed in advance or according to a feature-generating scheme based on domain knowledge. This paper introduces a feature subset selection method for CRFs based on genetic algorithms, in which a population of candidate feature function subsets is evolved to achieve a maximal CRF performance. The method was experimentally validated on the well known bioinformatics problem of protein phosphorylation site prediction, phosphorylation being one of the most important protein modification mechanisms.
772EDB8B	A probabilistic graphical model is proposed in order to detect the coevolution between different sites in biological sequences. The model extends the continuous-time Markov process of sequence substitution for single nucleic or amino acids and imposes general constraints regarding simultaneous changes on the substitution rate matrix. Given a multiple sequence alignment for each molecule of interest and a phylogenetic tree, the model can predict potential interactions within or between nucleic acids and proteins. Initial validation of the model is carried out using tRNA and 16S rRNA sequence data. The model accurately identifies the secondary interactions of tRNA as well as several known tertiary interactions. In addition, results on 16S rRNA data indicate this general and simple coevolutionary model outperforms several other parametric and nonparametric methods in predicting secondary interactions. Furthermore, the majority of the putative predictions exhibit either direct contact or proximity of the nucleotide pairs in the 3-dimensional structure of the Thermus thermophilus ribosomal small subunit. The results on RNA data suggest a general model of coevolution might be applied to other types of interactions between protein, DNA, and RNA molecules.
7ABB00FC	Markov modelling offers the possibility of extracting long-term results from dynamic simulations with a significantly reduced execution time over that which would be necessary with an equivalent time-series simulation. The discretization of the problem variables which is necessary for Markov modelling introduces an inaccuracy into the simulation process which means that a balance must be struck between the accuracy required and the time reduction that is possible. The paper describes an approach to the quantification of the errors introduced by discretization of the simulation variables. Two error expressions were tested by running a representative building/HVAC system dynamic model in both time-series and Markov modes with varying degrees of discretization of the variables. A simplified error bound was found useful in identifying near-optimal discretization schemes: further refinement of this approach led to an expression that was found to give a good prediction of the error in Markov simulations of this type of system.	
5E05220A	This paper introduces the concept of Commented Markov Models (CMMs), an extension of the well known Markov Models, together with the relevant induction mechanisms. Given a discrete alphabet Σ and a source producing an input sequence (s1,s2,...,sn) with si ∈ Σ, the task of sequence prediction is to guess the successive sequence element sn+1. Here each element si may represent an object, a discrete event or any other discrete entity. Prediction with CMM is analogy-based. It is assumed that the final part of the input sequence describes the current state of the source. This final part is matched with earlier subsequences of the input, assuming that it will be continued the same way as was the ‘most similar’ subsequence. CMM learning involves the induction of objects, variables and object classes. While object and class creation are similar to the notions of chunking and merging in other grammatical inference approaches, the use of variables is a novel feature of CMM. It not only generalized the way subsequences can be matched, it also turns CMM from a pure sequence prediction algorithm into a computational model. I will show that CMM has sufficient expressiveness to represent any primitive recursive function. Thus it is not only capable of predicting e.g. the character ‘u’ to follow the sequence ‘seq’, but it can also extrapolate a sequence like ‘45+13=’ by calculating the sum ‘58’.
7E4DC75A	We propose a new and effective method of predicting tracking failures and apply it to the robust analysis of gait and human motion. We define a tracking failure as an event and describe its temporal characteristics using a hidden Markov model (HMM). We represent the human body using a three-dimensional, multicomponent structural model, where each component is designed to independently allow the extraction of certain gait variables. To enable a fault-tolerant tracking and feature extraction system, we introduce a single HMM for each element of the structural model, trained on previous examples of tracking failures. The algorithm derives vector observations for each Markov model using the time-varying noise covariance matrices of the structural model parameters. When transformed with a logarithmic function, the conditional output probability of each HMM is shown to have a causal relationship with imminent tracking failures. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach on a variety of multiview video sequences of complex human motion.
7E030AE4	A foremost objective in wireless networks is to facilitate the communication of mobile users and the widespread tracking and prediction of their mobility regardless of their point of attachment to the network. In indoor environments the effective users' motion prediction system and wireless localization technology play an important role in all aspects of people's daily lives, including e.g. living assistant, navigation, emergency detection, surveillance/tracking of target-of-interest, evacuation purposes, and many other location-based services. Prediction techniques that are currently used do not consider the motivation behind the movement of mobile nodes and incur huge overheads to manage and manipulate the information required to make predictions. In this paper we propose an activity-based continuous-time Markov model to define and predict the human movement patterns. Then we demonstrate the utility of Nonparametric Belief Propagation (NBP) technique in particle filtering, for both estimating the node locations and representing location uncertainties, and for prediction of the areas that would be visited and those that would not in the future. NBP method admits a wide variety of statistical models, and can represent multi-modal uncertainty. This prediction system may be used as an additional input into intelligent building automation systems.
5C2535CD	In this paper, we present a new search algorithm for sequential labeling tasks based on the conditional Markov models (CMMs) frameworks. Unlike conventional beam search, our method traverses all possible incoming arcs and also considers the “local best” so-far of each previous node. Furthermore, we propose two heuristics to fit the efficiency requirement. To demonstrate the effect of our method, six variant and large-scale sequential labeling tasks were conducted in the experiment. In addition, we compare our method to Viterbi and Beam search approaches. The experimental results show that our method yields not only substantial improvement in runtime efficiency, but also slightly better accuracy. In short, our method achieves 94.49 F(β) rate in the well-known CoNLL-2000 chunking task.
7D89C765	Web based learning systems provides huge volume of educational content to learners. However, a single learner might not be interested in learning all the contents delivered. To encourage learners of varying skill sets and to develop learning interests web recommendation system is needed for web based learning. This paper focuses on providing recommendations to learners as well as web masters to improve overall effectiveness of web based teaching and learning. This work deals with analysis of web log data and development of recommendation framework using web usage mining techniques like upper approximation based rough set clustering using k nearest neighbors, dynamic support pruned all k-th order Markov model and all k-th order association rule mining by dynamic frequent (k+1) item set generation using Apriori. The goal of this integrated approach is to make accurate recommendations for learning management systems with reduced state space complexity
81018323	We use several approaches to demonstrate that neural networks can detect precursors to failure. That is, they can detect subtle changes in the process signals. In some cases these subtle changes are early warnings that a subsystem failure is imminent. The results on detection of precursors and faults with various types of time-delay neural networks are discussed. We also measure the noise inherent in our database and place bounds on neural network prediction in the presence of noise. We observe that the noise level can be as high as 40% for detection of failures and can be at 30% to still detect precursors to failure. We note that although self-organizing networks for classification of faults seems like a good idea, in fact they do not perform well in the presence of noise. Lastly, we show that neural networks can induce, or self-build, Markov models from process data and these models can be used to predict system state to a significant distance in the future (e.g., 100 wafers).
7E714964	In this paper, we present a stream-based mining algorithm for online anomaly prediction. Many real-world applications such as data stream analysis requires continuous cluster operation. Unfortunately, today's large-scale cluster systems are still vulnerable to various software and hardware problems. System administrators are often overwhelmed by the tasks of correcting various system anomalies such as processing bottlenecks (i.e., full stream buffers), resource hot spots, and service level objective (SLO) violations. Our anomaly prediction scheme raises early alerts for impending system anomalies and suggests possible anomaly causes. Specifically, we employ Bayesian classification methods to capture different anomaly symptoms and infer anomaly causes. Markov models are introduced to capture the changing patterns of different measurement metrics. More importantly, our scheme combines Markov models and Bayesian classification methods to predict when a system anomaly will appear in the foreseeable future and what are the possible anomaly causes. To the best of our knowledge, our work provides the first stream-based mining algorithm for predicting system anomalies. We have implemented our approach within the IBM System S distributed stream processing cluster, and conducted case study experiments using fully implemented distributed data analysis applications processing real application workloads. Our experiments show that our approach efficiently predicts and diagnoses several bottleneck anomalies with high accuracy while imposing low overhead to the cluster system.
7DBF6696	The Markov model has been applied to many prediction applications including the student models of intelligent tutoring systems. In this paper, we extend this well-known model to the weighted Markov model, and then apply it to student models in order to predict student behaviors. The prediction using our models is based not only on the frequency of collective behaviors of previous users, but also on the degrees of the relations between the predicted user and others. In doing so, a novel way is presented to quantify the similarities between previous students and the current active student. These similarity scores will be used as weights in the weighted Markov model.
80105513	With the introduction of dynamic image processing, such as in image analysis, the computational complexity has become data dependent and memory usage irregular. Therefore, the possibility of runtime estimation of resource usage would be highly attractive and would enable Quality-of-Service (QoS) control for dynamic image-processing applications with shared resources. A possible solution to this problem is to characterize the application execution using model descriptions of the resource usage. In this paper, we attempt to predict resource usage for groups of dynamic image-processing tasks based on Markov-chain modeling. As a typical application, we explore a medical imaging application to enhance a wire mesh tube (stent) under X-ray fluoroscopy imaging during angioplasty. Simulations show that Markov modeling can be successfully applied to describe the resource usage function even if the flow graph dynamically switches between groups of tasks. For the evaluated sequences, an average prediction accuracy of 97% is reached with sporadic excursions of the prediction error up to 20–30%.
7DC8E808	A research area that has become increasingly important in recent years is that of on-board mobile communication, where users on a vehicle are connected to a local network that attaches to the Internet via a mobile router and a wireless link. In this architecture, link disruptions (e.g., due to signal degradation) may have an immediate impact on a potentially large number of connections. We argue that the advance knowledge of public transport routes, and their repetitive nature, allows a certain degree of prediction of impending link disruptions, which can be used to offset their catastrophic impact. Focusing on the transmission control protocol (TCP) and its extension known as Freeze-TCP, we present a detailed analysis of the performance improvement of TCP connections in the presence of disruption prediction. In particular, we propose a Markov model of Freeze-TCP that captures both the TCP behavior and the prediction+"freezing" feature and, using simulations, show that it accurately predicts the performance of the protocol. Our results demonstrate the significant throughput improvement that can be gained by disruption prediction, even with random packet losses or imperfect timing of the predicted disruptions
80739C5A	Spectrum sensing is one of the key functionalities in cognitive radios which enables opportunistic spectrum access. In a cognitive radio system, secondary users need to detect the emergence of primary users as soon as possible to avoid harmful interference. In particular, sensing performance can be evaluated by detection delay and sensing overhead. Sequential detection techniques such as quickest detection can achieve minimum detection delay, while MAC layer sensing scheduling of periodic energy detection has demonstrated its high sensing efficiency. These motivate us to propose a joint PHY-MAC spectrum sensing algorithm in this letter, which employs sequential probability ratio test in the PHY layer and a probability-based sensing scheduling mechanism in the MAC layer. This algorithm can minimize detection delay with limited sensing overhead. Simulation results reveal that it has remarkable performance improvement compared with periodic energy detection.
793EC21A	We consider the prediction of new observations in a general Gauss–Markov model. We state the fundamental equations of the best linear unbiased prediction, BLUP, and consider some properties of the BLUP. Particularly, we focus on such linear statistics, which preserve enough information for obtaining the BLUP of new observations as a linear function of them. We call such statistics linearly prediction sufficient for new observations, and introduce some equivalent characterizations for this new concept.	
07027B17	Markov models have been a keystone in Artificial Intelligence for many decades. However, they remain unsatisfactory when the environment modelled is partially observable. There are pathological examples where no history of fixed length is sufficient for accurate prediction or decision making. On the other hand, working with a hidden state (like in Hidden Markov Models or Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes) has a high computational cost. In order to circumvent this problem, we suggest the use of a context-based model. Our approach replaces strict transition probabilities by influences on transitions. The method proposed provides a trade-off between a fully and partially observable model. We also discuss the capacity of our framework to model hierarchical knowledge and abstraction. Simple examples are given in order to show the advantages of the algorithm.
769C66A6	Understanding and modeling user online behavior, as well as predicting future requests remain an open challenge for researchers, analysts and marketers. In this paper, we propose an efficient prediction schema based on the extraction of sequential navigation patterns from server log files, combined with web site topology. Traversed paths are monitored, internally recorded and cleaned before being completed with cashed page views. After session and episode identification follows the construction of n-grams. Prediction is based upon a 5 + n-gram schema with all lower level n-grams participating, a procedure that resembles the construction of an All 5th-order Markov Model. The schema achieves full coverage while maintaining competitive prediction precision.
7852BB29	A novel multi-layer perceptrons (MLP)-based speech recognition method is proposed in this study. In this method, the dynamic time warping capability of hidden Markov models (HMM) is directly combined with the discriminant based learning of MLP for the sake of employing a sequence of MLPs (SMLP) as a word recognizer. Each MLP is regarded as a state recognizer to distinguish an acoustic event. Next, the word recognizer is formed by serially cascading all state recognizers. Advantages of both HMM and MLP methods are attained in this system through training the SMLP with an algorithm which combines a dynamic programming (DP) procedure with a generalized probabilistic descent (GPD) algorithm. Additionally, two sub-syllable SMLP-based schemes are studied through application of this method toward the recognition of isolated Mandarin digits. Simulation results confirm that the performance of the method is comparable to a well modeled continuous Gaussian mixture density HMM trained with the minimum error criterion. Not only does the SMLP require less trainable parameters than the HMM system, but the former is more convenient for analysing internal features. With the aid of internal feature selection, discarding the least useful parameters of SMLP without affecting its performance is relatively easy.