7DAEB614	Traditional intrusion detection systems (IDS) detect attacks by comparing current behavior to signatures of known attacks. One main drawback is the inability of detecting new attacks which do not have known signatures. In this paper we propose a learning algorithm that constructs models of normal behavior from attack-free network traffic. Behavior that deviates from the learned normal model signals possible novel attacks. Our IDS is unique in two respects. First, it is nonstationary, modeling probabilities based on the time since the last event rather than on average rate. This prevents alarm floods. Second, the IDS learns protocol vocabularies (at the data link through application layers) in order to detect unknown attacks that attempt to exploit implementation errors in poorly tested features of the target software. On the 1999 DARPA IDS evaluation data set [9], we detect 70 of 180 attacks (with 100 false alarms), about evenly divided between user behavioral anomalies (IP addresses and ports, as modeled by most other systems) and protocol anomalies. Because our methods are unconventional there is a significant non-overlap of our IDS with the original DARPA participants, which implies that they could be combined to increase coverage.
7566A357	As the information technology grows interests in the intrusion detection system (IDS), which detects unauthorized usage, misuse by a local user and modification of important data, has been raised. In the field of anomaly-based IDS several data mining techniques such as hidden Markov model (HMM), artificial neural network, statistical techniques and expert systems are used to model network packets, system call audit data, etc. However, there are undetectable intrusion types for each measure and modeling method because each intrusion type makes anomalies at individual measure. To overcome this drawback of single-measure anomaly detector, this paper proposes a multiple-measure intrusion detection method. We measure normal behavior by systems calls, resource usage and file access events and build up profiles for normal behavior with hidden Markov model, statistical method and rule-base method, which are integrated with a rule-based approach. Experimental results with real data clearly demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed method that has significantly low false-positive error rate against various types of intrusion.
7FACBDE4	The network intrusion detection (NIDS) is faced with the question to detect many kinds of intrusion. In order to detect the complex attack, Network Intrusion detection system need to analysis massive data captured form different network safety equipments. So a new multi relational mining algorithm MRA2 is proposed. MRA2 depend on the association rules mining technology and the probability function dependency method which is proposed through extending the theory of function dependency. MRA2 is able to synthesize the various datalog resources to detect intrusion effectively and reappear to the complex network attack scenario.
7E7969F7	A new approach to representing computer penetrations is introduced called penetration state transition analysis. This approach models penetrations as a series of state transitions described in terms of signature actions and state descriptions. State transition diagrams are written to correspond to the states of an actual computer system, and these diagrams form the basis of a rule-based expert system for detecting penetrations, referred to as STAT.
7DCBAD4B	The paper focuses on intrusion detection and countermeasures with respect to widely-used operating systems and networks. The design and architecture of an intrusion detection system built from distributed agents is proposed to implement an intelligent system on which data mining can be performed to provide global, temporal views of an entire networked system. A starting point for agent intelligence in the system is the research into the use of machine learning over system call traces from the privileged sendmail program on UNIX. The authors use a rule learning algorithm to classify the system call traces for intrusion detection purposes and show the results.
5C2490E0	A modified RBF (radial basis function)-based neural network is proposed for network anomaly detection. Special attention is given to the determination of the parameters of the hidden layer. We propose a novel grid-based approach to compress and cluster the training data. The number, center and radii of the RBFs are determined according to the clustering result. At the detecting stage, we expand each input node with a sigmoid function to meet the type of input data. Experimental result on KDD 99 intrusion detection datasets shows that our RBF based IDS has high detection rate while maintaining a low false positive rate. It also shows the remarkable ability of our IDS to detect new type of attacks.
7E0DD16C	Classification of intrusion attacks and normal network traffic is a challenging and critical problem in pattern recognition and network security. In this paper, we present a novel intrusion detection approach to extract both accurate and interpretable fuzzy IF–THEN rules from network traffic data for classification. The proposed fuzzy rule-based system is evolved from an agent-based evolutionary framework and multi-objective optimization. In addition, the proposed system can also act as a genetic feature selection wrapper to search for an optimal feature subset for dimensionality reduction. To evaluate the classification and feature selection performance of our approach, it is compared with some well-known classifiers as well as feature selection filters and wrappers. The extensive experimental results on the KDD-Cup99 intrusion detection benchmark data set demonstrate that the proposed approach produces interpretable fuzzy systems, and outperforms other classifiers and wrappers by providing the highest detection accuracy for intrusion attacks and low false alarm rate for normal network traffic with minimized number of features.
75F2DC32	This article describes an innovative Decision Support System (DSS) for Placement of Intrusion Detection and Prevention Systems (PIDPS) in large-scale communication networks. PIDPS is intended to support network security personnel in optimizing the placement and configuration of malware filtering and monitoring devices within Network Service Providers’ (NSP) infrastructure, and enterprise communication networks. PIDPS meshes innovative and state-of-the-art mechanisms borrowed from the domains of graph theory, epidemic modeling, and network simulation. Scalable network exploitation models enable to define the communication patterns induced by network users (thereby establishing a virtual overlay network), and parallel attack models enable a PIDPS user to define various interdependent network attacks such as: Internet worms, Trojans horses, Denial of Service (DoS) attacks, and others. PIDPS incorporates a set of deployment strategies (employing graph-theoretic centrality measures) in order to facilitate intelligent placement of filtering and monitoring devices; as well as a dedicated network simulator in order to evaluate the various deployments. Experiments with PIDPS indicate that incorporating knowledge on the overlay network (network exploitation patterns) into the placement and configuration of malware filtering and monitoring devices substantially improves the effectiveness of intrusion detection and prevention systems in NSP and enterprise networks.
7D83A406	Current intrusion detection systems (IDS) examine all data features to detect intrusion or misuse patterns. Some of the features may be redundant or contribute little (if anything) to the detection process. The purpose of this study is to identify important input features in building an IDS that is computationally efficient and effective. We investigated the performance of two feature selection algorithms involving Bayesian networks (BN) and Classification and Regression Trees (CART) and an ensemble of BN and CART. Empirical results indicate that significant input feature selection is important to design an IDS that is lightweight, efficient and effective for real world detection systems. Finally, we propose an hybrid architecture for combining different feature selection algorithms for real world intrusion detection.
7B75FDC9	Traffic anomalies and attacks are commonplace in today's networks, and identifying them rapidly and accurately is critical for large network operators. Intrusion detection systems are an important component of defensive measures protecting computer systems and networks from abuse.For an intrusion detection system, it is important to detect previously known attacks with high accuracy. However, detecting previously unseen attacks is equally important in order to minimize the losses as a result of a successful intrusion. It is also equally important to detect attacks at an early stage in order to minimize their impact. To address these challenges, this paper proposes to improve the efficiency of the network intrusion detection process by including an Event Calculus based specification to detect the registered and expected behaviour of the whole network.
7ED7AE7B	As complete prevention of computer attacks is not possible, intrusion detection systems (IDSs) play a very important role in minimizing the damage caused by different computer attacks. There are two intrusion detection methods: namely misuse- and anomaly-based. A collaborative, intelligent intrusion detection system (CIIDS) is proposed to include both methods, since it is concluded from recent research that the performance of an individual detection engine is rarely satisfactory. In particular, two main challenges in current collaborative intrusion detection systems (CIDSs) research are highlighted and reviewed: CIDSs system architectures and alert correlation algorithms. Different CIDSs system, architectures are explained and compared. The use of CIDSs together with other multiple security systems raise certain issues and challenges in, alert correlation. Several different techniques for alert correlation are discussed. The focus will be on correlation of CIIDS alerts. Computational, Intelligence approaches, together with their applications on IDSs, are reviewed. Methods in soft computing collectively provide understandable, and autonomous solutions to IDS problems. At the end of the review, the paper suggests fuzzy logic, soft computing and other AI techniques, to be exploited to reduce the rate of false alarms while keeping the detection rate high. In conclusion, the paper highlights opportunities for an integrated solution to large-scale CIIDS.
7BAE61AD	There are some issues for the shuffle network intrusion detection, such as high loss detection rates and time-consuming procedures. This paper proposes a shuffle network intrusion detection method fusing the misuse behavior analysis and analyzes the network misuse behavior procedures. According to the damaged data flow balance features by network misuse behavior, the paper applies the hypothesis test in probability theory to evaluate whether the confidence interval excesses 0. If the confidence interval does not contain zero, it indicates the presence of feed-forward network intrusion; otherwise, there is no feed-forward network intrusion. The experimental results show that this method can effectively solve the multi-packet collaborative intrusion problems. Compared to traditional methods, the test speed and accuracy of the method is significantly improved. 
788D804C	Security has become an important issue for networks. Intrusion detection technology is an effective approach in dealing with the problems of network security. In this paper, we present an intrusion detection model based on hybrid fuzzy logic and neural network. The key idea is to take advantage of different classification abilities of fuzzy clustering and neural network for intrusion detection system. The new model has ability to recognize an attack, to differentiate one attack from another (i.e. classifying attacks), and the most important, to detect new attacks with high detection rate and low false negative. Training and testing data were obtained from the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency intrusion detection evaluation data set. 
75F80375	In order to achieve high efficiency of classification in intrusion detection, a compressed model is proposed in this paper which combines horizontal compression with vertical compression. OneR is utilized as horizontal compression for attribute reduction, and affinity propagation is employed as vertical compression to select small representative exemplars from large training data. As to be able to computationally compress the larger volume of training data with scalability, MapReduce based parallelization approach is then implemented and evaluated for each step of the model compression process abovementioned, on which common but efficient classification methods can be directly used. Experimental application study on two publicly available datasets of intrusion detection, KDD99 and CMDC2012, demonstrates that the classification using the compressed model proposed can effectively speed up the detection procedure at up to 184 times, most importantly at the cost of a minimal accuracy difference with less than 1% on average. 
772CD65D	 Eight sites participated in the second DARPA off-line intrusion de-tection evaluation in 1999. A test bed generated live background traffic similar to that on a government site containing hundreds of users on thousands of hosts. More than 200 instances of 58 attack types were launched against victim UNIX and Windows NT hosts in three weeks of training data and two weeks of test data. False alarm rates were low (less than 10 per day). Best de-tection was provided by network-based systems for old probe and old denial-of-service (DoS) attacks and by host-based systems for Solaris user-to-root (U2R) attacks. Best overall performance would have been provided by a com-bined system that used both host-based and network-based intrusion detection. De-tection accuracy was poor for previously unseen new, stealthy, and Windows NT attacks. Ten of the 58 attack types were completely missed by all systems. Systems missed attacks because protocols and TCP services were not analyzed at all or to the depth required, because signatures for old attacks did not gen-eralize to new attacks, and because auditing was not available on all hosts. Promising capabilities were demonstrated by host-based systems, by anomaly detection systems, and by a system that performs forensic analysis on file system data.
7E496032	Presented in this paper is the way of getting large signal parameters of MESFET model by the use of small signal S-parameters. Small-signal S-parameters allow expressing to nonlinearity of model, which are used in account of large-signal MESFET model.
5BCE3A64	As network attacks have increased in number and severity over the past few years, intrusion detection system (IDS) is increasingly becoming a critical component to secure the network. Due to large volumes of security audit data as well as complex and dynamic properties of intrusion behaviors, optimizing performance of IDS becomes an important open problem that is receiving more and more attention from the research community. The uncertainty to explore if certain algorithms perform better for certain attack classes constitutes the motivation for the reported herein. In this paper, we evaluate performance of a comprehensive set of classifier algorithms using KDD99 dataset. Based on evaluation results, best algorithms for each attack category is chosen and two classifier algorithm selection models are proposed. The simulation result comparison indicates that noticeable performance improvement and real-time intrusion detection can be achieved as we apply the proposed models to detect different kinds of network attacks.
7F88C3B5	Intrusion detection based upon computational intelligence is currently attracting considerable interest from the research community. Characteristics of computational intelligence (CI) systems, such as adaptation, fault tolerance, high computational speed and error resilience in the face of noisy information, fit the requirements of building a good intrusion detection model. Here we want to provide an overview of the research progress in applying CI methods to the problem of intrusion detection. The scope of this review will encompass core methods of CI, including artificial neural networks, fuzzy systems, evolutionary computation, artificial immune systems, swarm intelligence, and soft computing. The research contributions in each field are systematically summarized and compared, allowing us to clearly define existing research challenges, and to highlight promising new research directions. The findings of this review should provide useful insights into the current IDS literature and be a good source for anyone who is interested in the application of CI approaches to IDSs or related fields.
7EF318D2	Intrusion detection systems rely on a wide variety of observable data to distinguish between legitimate and illegitimate activities. We study one such observable-sequences of system calls into the kernel of an operating system. Using system-call data sets generated by several different programs, we compare the ability of different data modeling methods to represent normal behavior accurately and to recognize intrusions. We compare the following methods: simple enumeration of observed sequences; comparison of relative frequencies of different sequences; a rule induction technique; and hidden Markov models (HMMs). We discuss the factors affecting the performance of each method and conclude that for this particular problem, weaker methods than HMMs are likely sufficient.
77CCBE06	In this paper, a four-angle-star based visualized feature generation approach, FASVFG, is proposed to evaluate the distance between samples in a 5-class classification problem. Based on the four angle star image, numerical features are generated for network visit data from KDDcup99, and an efficient intrusion detection system with less features is proposed. The FASVFG-based classifier achieves a high generalization accuracy of 94.3555% in validation experiment, and the average Mathews correlation coefficient reaches 0.8858.
7D9C83BB	The paper presents a new approach to representing and detecting computer penetrations in real time. The approach, called state transition analysis, models penetrations as a series of state changes that lead from an initial secure state to a target compromised state. State transition diagrams, the graphical representation of penetrations, identify precisely the requirements for and the compromise of a penetration and present only the critical events that must occur for the successful completion of the penetration. State transition diagrams are written to correspond to the states of an actual computer system, and these diagrams form the basis of a rule based expert system for detecting penetrations, called the state transition analysis tool (STAT). The design and implementation of a Unix specific prototype of this expert system, called USTAT, is also presented. This prototype provides a further illustration of the overall design and functionality of this intrusion detection approach. Lastly, STAT is compared to the functionality of comparable intrusion detection tools.
7FFD6B99	Intrusion detection systems monitor system activities to identify unauthorized use, misuse, or abuse. IDSs offer a defense when your system's vulnerabilities are exploited and do so without requiring you to replace expensive equipment. The steady growth in research on intrusion detection systems has created a demand for tools and methods to test their effectiveness. The authors have developed a software platform that both simulates intrusions and supports their systematic methodology for IDS testing.
7A1333F9	Wireless sensor networks (WSNs) are vulnerable to a variety of malicious attacks, especially the packet dropping attack, making security an important research field. Since prevention based techniques are less helpful for guarding against inside attacks, intrusion detection (ID) techniques are indispensable to provide advanced protection. This paper proposes an innovative cellular ID framework for packet dropping attack, which takes the deployment of passive listening nodes into consideration. Performance evaluation made in VisualSense demonstrates its high detection accuracy.
5B7700D1	Wireless ad hoc network is becoming a new research frontier, in which security is an important issue. Usually some nodes act maliciously and they are able to do different kinds of Denial of Service (Dos). Because of the limited resource, intrusion detection system (IDS) runs all the time to detect intrusion of the attacker which is a costly overhead. We use game theory to model the interactions between the intrusion detection system and the attacker, and a realistic model is given by using Bayesian game. We solve the game by finding the Bayesian Nash equilibrium. The results of our analysis show that the IDS could work intermittently without compromising its effectiveness. At the end of this paper, we provide an experiment to verify the rationality and effectiveness of the proposed model.
79406BD7	Intrusion Detection Systems (IDS) have nowadays become a necessary component of almost every security infrastructure. So far, many different approaches have been followed in order to increase the efficiency of IDS. Swarm Intelligence (SI), a relatively new bio-inspired family of methods, seeks inspiration in the behavior of swarms of insects or other animals. After applied in other fields with success SI started to gather the interest of researchers working in the field of intrusion detection. In this paper we explore the reasons that led to the application of SI in intrusion detection, and present SI methods that have been used for constructing IDS. A major contribution of this work is also a detailed comparison of several SI-based IDS in terms of efficiency. This gives a clear idea of which solution is more appropriate for each particular case.
78FC71D4	With the increasing amount of network throughput and security threat, the study of intrusion detection systems (IDSs) has received a lot of attention throughout the computer science field. Current IDSs pose challenges on not only capricious intrusion categories, but also huge computational power. Though there is a number of existing literatures to IDS issues, we attempt to give a more elaborate image for a comprehensive review. Through the extensive survey and sophisticated organization, we propose the taxonomy to outline modern IDSs. In addition, tables and figures we summarized in the content contribute to easily grasp the overall picture of IDSs.
7054D090	There is often the need to update an installed intrusion detection system (IDS) due to new attack methods or upgraded computing environments. Since many current IDSs are constructed by manual encoding of expert knowledge, changes to IDSs are expensive and slow. We describe a data mining framework for adaptively building Intrusion Detection (ID) models. The central idea is to utilize auditing programs to extract an extensive set of features that describe each network connection or host session, and apply data mining programs to learn rules that accurately capture the behavior of intrusions and normal activities. These rules can then be used for misuse detection and anomaly detection. New detection models are incorporated into an existing IDS through a meta-learning (or co-operative learning) process, which produces a meta detection model that combines evidence from multiple models. We discuss the strengths of our data mining programs, namely, classification, meta-learning, association rules, and frequent episodes. We report on the results of applying these programs to the extensively gathered network audit data for the 1998 DARPA Intrusion Detection Evaluation Program.
7A1919E6	Many different demands can be made of intrusion detection systems. An important requirement is that it be effective i.e. that it should detect a substantial percentage of intrusions into the supervised system, while still keeping the false alarm rate at an acceptable level.This paper aims to demonstrate that, for a reasonable set of assumptions, the false alarm rate is the limiting factor for the performance of an intrusion detection system. This is due to the base-rate fallacy phenomenon, that in order to achieve substantial values of the Bayesian detection rate, P(Intrusion|Alarm), we have to achieve—a perhaps unattainably low—false alarm rate.A selection of reports of intrusion detection performance are reviewed, and the conclusion is reached that there are indications that at least some types of intrusion detection have far to go before they can attain such low false alarm rates.
028BE359	Intrusion detection corresponds to a suite of techniques that are used to identify attacks against computers and network infrastructures. Anomaly detection is a key element of intrusion detection in which perturbations of normal behavior suggest the presence of intentionally or unintentionally induced attacks, faults, defects, etc. This paper focuses on a detailed comparative study of several anomaly detection schemes for identifying different network intrusions. Several existing supervised and unsupervised anomaly detection schemes and their variations are evaluated on the DARPA 1998 data set of network connections [9] as well as on real network data using existing standard evaluation techniques as well as using several specific metrics that are appropriate when detecting attacks that involve a large number of connections. Our experimental results indicate that some anomaly detection schemes appear very promising when detecting novel intrusions in both DARPA’98 data and real network data.
61E164F2	Misuse detection is the process of attempting to identify instances of network attacks by comparing current activity against the expected actions of an intruder. Most current approaches to misuse detection involve the use of rule-based expert systems to identify indications of known attacks. However, these techniques are less successful in identifying attacks which vary from expected patterns. Artificial neural networks provide the potential to identify and classify network activity based on limited, incomplete, and nonlinear data sources. We present an approach to the process of misuse detection that utilizes the analytical strengths of neural networks, and we provide the results from our preliminary analysis of this approach.
78EEC707	A simple CAD model is proposed for the short-channel enhancement-mode MOSFET. The conventional use of drain bias modulation of channel length to describe saturation characteristics has been discarded and replaced by drain bias enhancement of channel velocity. The model possesses continuity of current, transconductance and output conductance throughout the triode, and saturation ranges of operation. It has been tested against experimental transistors and against two-dimensional numerically simulated transistors, and has given satisfactory results in all cases. The model is based on good physics, is easy to understand, is straightforward to use, and is computationally efficient. 
7518A3AF	Today's computer systems are vulnerable both to abuse by insiders and to penetration by outsiders, as evidenced by the growing number of incidents reported in the press. To close all security loopholes from today's systems is infeasible, and no combination of technologies can prevent legitimate users from abusing their authority in a system; thus auditing is viewed as the last line of defense.Over the past several years, the computer security community has been developing automated tools to analyze computer system audit data for suspicious user behavior. This paper describes the use of such tools for detecting computer system intrusion and describes further technologies that may be of use for intrusion detection in the future.
8042453A	Intrusion detection systems (IDSs) attempt to identify unauthorized use, misuse, and abuse of computer systems. In response to the growth in the use and development of IDSs, the authors have developed a methodology for testing IDSs. The methodology consists of techniques from the field of software testing which they have adapted for the specific purpose of testing IDSs. They identify a set of general IDS performance objectives which is the basis for the methodology. They present the details of the methodology, including strategies for test-case selection and specific testing procedures. They include quantitative results from testing experiments on the Network Security Monitor (NSM), an IDS developed at UC Davis. They present an overview of the software platform that has been used to create user-simulation scripts for testing experiments. The platform consists of the UNIX tool expect and enhancements that they have developed, including mechanisms for concurrent scripts and a record-and-replay feature. They also provide background information on intrusions and IDSs to motivate their work.
7C8F7EE3	In order to solve the problems of high false alarm rate and fail rate in intrusion detection system of Computer Integrated Process System (CIPS) network, this paper takes advantage that Genetic Algorithm (GA) possesses overall optimization seeking ability and neural network has formidable approaching ability to the non-linear mapping to propose an intrusion detection model based on Genetic Algorithm Neural Network (GANN) with self-learning and adaptive capacity, which includes data collection module, data preprocessing module, neural network analysis module and intrusion alarm module. To overcome the shortcomings that GA is easy to fall into the extreme value and searches slowly, it improves the adjusting method of GANN fitness value and optimizes the parameter settings of GA. The improved GA is used to optimize BP neural network. Simulation results show that the model makes the detection rate of the system enhance to 97.11%.
811F9DC4	 The author presents the design and implementation of a real-time intrusion detection tool, called USTAT, a state transition analysis tool for UNIX. This is a UNIX-specific implementation of a generic design developed by A. Porras and R.A. Kemmerer (1992) as STAT, a state transition analysis tool. State transition analysis is a new approach to representing computer penetrations. In STAT, a penetration is identified as a sequence of state changes that take the computer system from some initial state to a target compromised state. The development of the first USTAT prototype, which is for SunOS 4.1.1, is discussed. USTAT makes use of the audit trails that are collected by the C2 basic security module of SunOS, and it keeps track of only those critical actions that must occur for the successful completion of the penetration. This approach differs from other rule-based penetration identification tools that pattern match sequences of audit records.