797F0A61	Modern organizations rely on passwords for preventing illicit access to valuable data and resources. A well designed password policy helps users create and manage more effective passwords. This paper offers a novel model and tool for understanding, creating, and testing password policies. We present a password policy simulation model which incorporates such factors as simulated users, accounts, and services. This model and its implementation enable administrators responsible for creating and managing password policies to test them before giving them to actual users. It also allows researchers to test how different password policy factors impact security, without the time and expense of actual human studies. We begin by presenting our password policy simulation model. We next discuss prior work and validate the model by showing how it is consistent with previous research conducted on human users. We then present and discuss experimental results derived using the model
7B9E6441	Password systems are a first line of defense that can prevent, deter, and detect abusive acts. They are one of the most cost effective computer resource control mechanisms presently available. This piece explores some of the more salient aspects of password system design, including objectives of password controls, design philosophies, man-machine interface design, system administration, and technical system implementation.
78185880	A very severe issue in today's computing world is the ‘ACCESS’ to an authenticated user. The most common and popularauthentication mechanism is to use alphanumerical usernames and passwords including special characters and digits. But, textual passwords are most of the time prone to dictionary attacks, shoulder surfing, etc. Hence, graphical passwords have been introducedin this paper as an alternative to authentication schemes. Though the graphical password schemes help in generating more userfriendly passwords, they are still vulnerable to shoulder surfing. To address this issue, text along with images can be combined togenerate more secured passwords. Session passwords, as the name suggests can only be entered once and then, a new password isgenerated for the next session; thereby making the authentication process much stronger.
7DC02752	Password restriction policies and advice on creating secure passwords have limited effects on password strength. Influencing users to create more secure passwords remains an open problem. We have developed Persuasive Text Passwords (PTP), a text password creation system which leverages Persuasive Technology principles to influence users in creating more secure passwords without sacrificing usability. After users choose a password during creation, PTP improves its security by placing randomly-chosen characters at random positions into the password. Users may shuffle to be presented with randomly-chosen and positioned characters until they find a combination they feel is memorable. In this paper, we present an 83-participant user study testing four PTP variations. Our results show that the PTP variations significantly improved the security of users' passwords. We also found that those participants who had a high number of random characters placed into their passwords would deliberately choose weaker pre-improvement passwords to compensate for the memory load. As a consequence of this compensatory behaviour, there was a limit to the gain in password security achieved by PTP.
8025530F	This paper describes the history of the design of the password security scheme on a remotely accessed time-sharing system. The present design was the result of countering observed attempts to penetrate the system. The result is a compromise between extreme security and ease of use.
7ABA0670	In this paper, two password authentication schemes, based on triangle and straight line encoding, respectively, are proposed. In our schemes, a one-way function and a strong cryptographic operation such as DES (data encryption standard) are adopted. Besides, in each scheme, the system only needs to store a secret key pair, and each user can select his own password freely. Instead of storing a password verification table inside the computer system, both methods proposed only have to store a corresponding table of identities, which is used by the computer system for validating the submitted passwords. Owing to these two schemes quickly and efficiently responding to any log-in attempt, they are suitable for real-time applications. Furthermore, in each scheme, the system does not need to reconstruct any term of the existing key table when a new user is inserted into the system. Thus, these two schemes are suitable for practical implementation.
5E313D6B	 Untraceable dynamic identity-based remote user authentication scheme with verifiable password update.proposed a dynamic identity-based remote user authentication scheme with verifiable password update. They also proved that their scheme could withstand various attacks. Unfortunately, by proposing concrete attacks, we show that their scheme is vulnerable to three kinds of attacks. We also point out that their scheme cannot provide untraceability. The analysis shows that the scheme of Chang et al. is not suitable for practical applications.
7D376B3C	Users rarely choose passwords that are both hard to guess and easy to remember. To determine how to help users choose good passwords, the authors performed a controlled trial of the effects of giving users different kinds of advice. Some of their results challenge the established wisdom.
813378A5	People enjoy the convenience of on-line services, Automated Teller Machines (ATMs), and pervasive computing, but online environments, ATMs, and pervasive computing may bring many risks. In this paper, we discuss how to prevent users’ passwords from being stolen by adversaries. We propose a virtual password concept involving a small amount of human computing to secure users’ passwords in on-line environments, ATMs, and pervasive computing. We adopt user-determined randomized linear generation functions to secure users’ passwords based on the fact that a server has more information than any adversary does. We analyze how the proposed schemes defend against phishing, key logger, and shoulder-surfing attacks. To the best of our knowledge, our virtual password mechanism is the first one which is able to defend against all three attacks together.
7979C29A	Many security primitives are based on hard mathematical problems. Using hard AI problems for security is emerging as an exciting new paradigm, but has been under-explored. In this paper, we present a new security primitive based on hard AI problems, namely, a novel family of graphical password systems built on top of Captcha technology, which we call Captcha as graphical passwords (CaRP). CaRP is both a Captcha and a graphical password scheme. CaRP addresses a number of security problems altogether, such as online guessing attacks, relay attacks, and, if combined with dual-view technologies, shoulder-surfing attacks. Notably, a CaRP password can be found only probabilistically by automatic online guessing attacks even if the password is in the search set. CaRP also offers a novel approach to address the well-known image hotspot problem in popular graphical password systems, such as PassPoints, that often leads to weak password choices. CaRP is not a panacea, but it offers reasonable security and usability and appears to fit well with some practical applications for improving online security.
7A771AF1	Text-based passwords remain the dominant authentication method in computer systems, despite significant advancement in attackers' capabilities to perform password cracking. In response to this threat, password composition policies have grown increasingly complex. However, there is insufficient research defining metrics to characterize password strength and using them to evaluate password-composition policies. In this paper, we analyze 12,000 passwords collected under seven composition policies via an online study. We develop an efficient distributed method for calculating how effectively several heuristic password-guessing algorithms guess passwords. Leveraging this method, we investigate (a) the resistance of passwords created under different conditions to guessing, (b) the performance of guessing algorithms under different training sets, (c) the relationship between passwords explicitly created under a given composition policy and other passwords that happen to meet the same requirements, and (d) the relationship between guess ability, as measured with password-cracking algorithms, and entropy estimates. Our findings advance understanding of both password-composition policies and metrics for quantifying password security.
5F5D0465	There have been many protocols proposed over the years for password authenticated key exchange in the three-party scenario, in which two clients attempt to establish a secret key interacting with one same authentication server. However, little has been done for password authenticated key exchange in the more general and realistic four-party setting, where two clients trying to establish a secret key are registered with different authentication servers. In fact, the recent protocol by Yeh and Sun seems to be the only password authenticated key exchange protocol in the four-party setting. But, the Yeh-Sun protocol adopts the so called “hybrid model”, in which each client needs not only to remember a password shared with the server but also to store and manage the server’s public key. In some sense, this hybrid approach obviates the reason for considering password authenticated protocols in the first place; it is difficult for humans to securely manage long cryptographic keys. In this paper, we propose a new protocol designed carefully for four-party password authenticated key exchange that requires each client only to remember a password shared with its authentication server. To the best of our knowledge, our new protocol is the first password-only authenticated key exchange protocol in the four-party setting.
7DF5E1C8	Text-based passwords are the most common mechanism for authenticating humans to computer systems. To prevent users from picking passwords that are too easy for an adversary to guess, system administrators adopt password-composition policies (e.g., requiring passwords to contain symbols and numbers). Unfortunately, little is known about the relationship between password-composition policies and the strength of the resulting passwords, or about the behavior of users (e.g., writing down passwords) in response to different policies. We present a large-scale study that investigates password strength, user behavior, and user sentiment across four password-composition policies. We characterize the predictability of passwords by calculating their entropy, and find that a number of commonly held beliefs about password composition and strength are inaccurate. We correlate our results with user behavior and sentiment to produce several recommendations for password-composition policies that result in strong passwords without unduly burdening users.
7A407108	 User authentication and key management are two important security issues in WSNs (Wireless Sensor Networks). In WSNs, for some applications, the user needs to obtain real-time data directly from sensors and several user authentication schemes have been recently proposed for this case. We found that a two-factor mutual authentication scheme with key agreement in WSNs is vulnerable to gateway node bypassing attacks and user impersonation attacks using secret data stored in sensor nodes or an attacker's own smart card. In this paper, we propose an improved scheme to overcome these security weaknesses by storing secret data in unique ciphertext form in each node. In addition, our proposed scheme should provide not only security, but also efficiency since sensors in a WSN operate with resource constraints such as limited power, computation, and storage space. Therefore, we also analyze the performance of the proposed scheme by comparing its computation and communication costs with those of other schemes. 
789936C7	System-generated random passwords have maximum password security and are highly resistant to guessing attacks. However, few systems use such passwords because they are difficult to remember. In this paper, we propose a system-initiated password scheme called "Surpass" that lets users replace few characters in a random password to make it more memorable. We conducted a large-scale online study to evaluate the usability and security of four Surpass policies, varying the number of character replacements allowed from 1 to 4 in randomly-generated 8-character passwords. The study results suggest that some Surpass policies (with 3 and 4 character replacements) outperform by 11% to 13% the original randomly-generated password policy in memorability, while showing a small increase in the percentage of cracked passwords. When compared to a user-generated password complexity policy (that mandates the use of numbers, symbols, and uppercase letters) the Surpass policy with 4-character replacements did not show statistically significant inferiority in memorability. Our qualitative lab study showed similar trends. This Surpass policy demonstrated significant superiority in security though, with 21% fewer cracked passwords than the user-generated password policy.
77C25DD1	Passwords are an ubiquitous and critical component of many security systems. As the information and access guarded by passwords become more necessary, we become ever more dependent upon the security passwords provide. The creation and management of passwords is crucial, and for this we must develop and deploy password policies. This paper focuses on defining and modeling password policies for the entire password policy lifecycle. The paper first discusses a language for specifying password policies. Then, a simulation model is presented with a comprehensive set of variables and the algorithm for simulating a password policy and its impact. Finally, the paper presents several simulation results using the password policy simulation tool.
75B0F4D4	Securing computer systems has traditionally been the domain of system administrators using technology to protect computer systems from attack. However, in many systems, human users are critical to the security process. There's a growing realization that technology alone can't protect security if users don't properly deploy and utilize it. Ultimately, it's users who create passwords and choose whether to adhere to security procedures.
7BE61015	While there are many highly secure authentication systems, the user ID and password credential pair remains the most commonly used means of authentication even though it is one of the easiest to break. It is vulnerable to technical and social attacks but proper application of people, process and technical controls in the selection, use and monitoring of passwords can decrease the likelihood of compromise. This paper investigates the technical and social uses, weaknesses, vulnerabilities, attacks and defenses of the user ID and password combination. This reviews existing technology, use and attacks of user IDs and passwords; it will consider what can be done as well as suggest what should be done. Academic research and industry practice are addressed.
7A9CEECB	The aim of the research is to realize a better form of personal identification number (PIN) authentication for a mobile phone without lowering usability and acceptability. Design/methodology/approach – The authors’ approach is to extend the input operation of PIN authentication by allowing more than one number at a time using a multi-touch-enabled screen. The authors also introduced substitution keys to be able to type any combination of a PIN value and an input pattern by multi-touch typing. Findings – The authors conducted a user evaluation study using a Web-based prototype system. The results of the study indicate that PIN input time, input errors and secret memorability of the proposed scheme were no worse than those of conventional PIN authentication. The theoretical security level of the proposed scheme is almost three and a half times than that of the conventional scheme. Originality/value – The paper introduced a multi-touch-allowed secret input operation into a PIN authentication. Though the introduction affected not only an input operation but also a PIN input interface and secret information, it makes possible to realize a better security level without a drastic change of a user interface and taking a longer input time. 
7A28050B	The movement of koi, a highly colored variant of common carp Cyprinus carpio, was monitored for 18 months in the Waikato River, New Zealand, with both radiotelemetry and acoustic telemetry. Koi had large total linear ranges (mean, 39 km), and most fish (74%) monitored for more than 250 d traveled between the Waikato River and lateral habitat. Differences in total linear range and mean daily movement between years suggest a behavioral response associated with reduced habitat availability during periods of low flow. The movements of koi were highly variable and infrequent, suggesting that important long-range movements are missed in short-term studies (<250 d), resulting in underestimations of total linear range. Our data suggest that large numbers of koi could have been intercepted traveling between lateral habitat and the Waikato River during 1 of 2 years, indicating that point source removal would be highly effective.
7A5EC172	As the Internet has grown, its user community has changed from a small tight-knit group of researchers to a loose gathering of people on a global network. The amazing and constantly growing numbers of machines and users ensures that untrustworthy individuals have full access to that network. High speed inter-machine communication and even higher speed computational processors have made the threats of system “crackers”, data theft, and data corruption very real. This paper outlines some of the problems of current password security by demonstrating the ease by which individual at counts may be broken. Various techniques used by crackers are outlined, and finally one solution to this point of system vulnerability, a proactive password checker, is documented.
7C5F4DDD	The authors have developed a software methodology that improves security by using typing biometrics to reinforce password authentication mechanisms. Typing biometrics is the analysis of a user's keystroke patterns. Each user has a unique way of using the keyboard to enter a password; for example, each user types the characters that constitute the password at different speeds. The methodology employs fuzzy logic to measure the user's typing biometrics. This reinforcement is transparent-indiscernible to the users while they are entering the normal authentication.
7CAED90C	This paper presents the first large-scale study of the success of password expiration in meeting its intended purpose, namely revoking access to an account by an attacker who has captured the account's password. Using a dataset of over 7700 accounts, we assess the extent to which passwords that users choose to replace expired ones pose an obstacle to the attacker's continued access. We develop a framework by which an attacker can search for a user's new password from an old one, and design an efficient algorithm to build an approximately optimal search strategy. We then use this strategy to measure the difficulty of breaking newly chosen passwords from old ones. We believe our study calls into question the merit of continuing the practice of password expiration.
7DD95D8C	Despite considerable research on passwords, empirical studies of password strength have been limited by lack of access to plaintext passwords, small data sets, and password sets specifically collected for a research study or from low-value accounts. Properties of passwords used for high-value accounts thus remain poorly understood.We fill this gap by studying the single-sign-on passwords used by over 25,000 faculty, staff, and students at a research university with a complex password policy. Key aspects of our contributions rest on our (indirect) access to plaintext passwords. We describe our data collection methodology, particularly the many precautions we took to minimize risks to users. We then analyze how guessable the collected passwords would be during an offline attack by subjecting them to a state-of-the-art password cracking algorithm. We discover significant correlations between a number of demographic and behavioral factors and password strength. For example, we find that users associated with the computer science school make passwords more than 1.5 times as strong as those of users associated with the business school. while users associated with computer science make strong ones. In addition, we find that stronger passwords are correlated with a higher rate of errors entering them.We also compare the guessability and other characteristics of the passwords we analyzed to sets previously collected in controlled experiments or leaked from low-value accounts. We find more consistent similarities between the university passwords and passwords collected for research studies under similar composition policies than we do between the university passwords and subsets of passwords leaked from low-value accounts that happen to comply with the same policies.
7B04A913	In 2001, Lin et al. proposed an optimal strong-password authentication protocol called the OSAP protocol. However, Chen and Ku pointed out that it is vulnerable to the stolen-verifier attack. In this paper, we shall propose an improved version of the OSAP protocol to enhance the security.
7DCE7511	TMN is applicable to management of a diversity of equipment, networks and services. This diversity and in particular the huge differences in complexity and cost of network elements (e.g. digital switches compared with regenerators) complicates the specification and standardization of security in TMN. However, equipment cost is not itself very useful and appropriate security measures should be based on other factors such as potential loss of revenue. The need for security of TMN is evident even from a generic evaluation of different information assets together with the specification of top-level security objectives. Existing TMN recommendation only allow for a modest level of security. In a number of known management systems and network elements only seldom changed passwords are used. Such password are often transmitted in the clear thus providing only a very limited degree of security. Additional security measures requires that existing TMN protocols are modified to allow for exchange of security information and communication of protected transfer syntax. In addition, management of security in TMN is essential. GULS (generic upper layer security) is a promising candidate facilitating such security exchanges and security transformations. However, the details of which security techniques (e.g. type of authentication) is not specified by GULS and must be provided by additional standards. Even so, GULS (or similar mechanisms) allow for the introduction of a security infrastructure within the TMN which enables different security techniques to be applied when standardised or as needed.
7BFE2F5C	Passwords are the only ubiquitous form of authentication currently available on the web. Unfortunately, passwords are insecure. In this paper we therefore propose the use of strong cryptography, using the fact that users increasingly own a smartphone that can perform the required cryptographic operations on their behalf. This is not as trivial as it sounds. Services will not migrate to new forms of authentication if few users have the means to use it. Similarly, users will not acquire the means if there are few services that accept them. Moreover, enabling one's smartphone to seamlessly sign in at a website when browsing on an arbitrary PC is non-trivial.We propose a system, based on a smartphone app, that can be used to sign in with username and password to arbitrary websites using an arbitrary PC or laptop. We describe the protocol and implementation to achieve this without the need for typing usernames and passwords. Furthermore, we propose an authentication protocol based on public key cryptography, integrated in the same smartphone app. This allows websites to seamlessly migrate towards a much more secure authentication method on the web, independently of each other. A prototype of our system has been developed.
79D8254D	Many portable devices need a simple authentication system to protect them from being used by an unauthenticated person such as a thief. The security of traditional methods such as pin codes or passwords is limited by shoulder surfing where a casual or intentional observer observes an authentication session and derives all information necessary for authentication. Graphical authentication systems have been developed to forestall this attack. We present here an especially simple variant of a graphical authentication system based on the capacity of humans to recognize faces well. In our challenge-response scheme, a user is presented with a row of typically three faces and needs to decide whether the number of “friends” is even or odd. We present here an analysis of security and usability of this scheme.
76771A1D	Text-based passwords are still the most commonly used authentication mechanism in information systems. We took advantage of a unique opportunity presented by a significant change in the Carnegie Mellon University (CMU) computing services password policy that required users to change their passwords. Through our survey of 470 CMU computer users, we collected data about behaviors and practices related to the use and creation of passwords. We also captured users' opinions about the new, stronger policy requirements. Our analysis shows that, although most of the users were annoyed by the need to create a complex password, they believe that they are now more secure. Furthermore, we perform an entropy analysis and discuss how our findings relate to NIST recommendations for creating a password policy. We also examine how users answer specific questions related to their passwords. Our results can be helpful in designing better password policies that consider not only technical aspects of specific policy rules, but also users' behavior in response to those rules.
76239220	We propose a four-party password authenticated inter-domain key exchange protocol which makes use of properties of identity-based cryptography and secret public keys. Being password-based and certificate-free, our protocol is lightweight and is suited to lightweight computing environments, such as pervasive computing. Apart from resistance against offline and active attacks, our protocol additionally provides perfect forward secrecy. We provide heuristic analysis of various security properties. Performance comparisons against other related protocols show that our protocol is efficient.
7FED7E74	To encourage strong passwords, system administrators employ password-composition policies, such as a traditional policy requiring that passwords have at least 8 characters from 4 character classes and pass a dictionary check. Recent research has suggested, however, that policies requiring longer passwords with fewer additional requirements can be more usable and in some cases more secure than this traditional policy. To explore long passwords in more detail, we conducted an online experiment with 8,143 participants. Using a cracking algorithm modified for longer passwords, we evaluate eight policies across a variety of metrics for strength and usability. Among the longer policies, we discover new evidence for a security/usability tradeoff, with none being strictly better than another on both dimensions. However, several policies are both more usable and more secure that the traditional policy we tested. Our analyses additionally reveal common patterns and strings found in cracked passwords. We discuss how system administrators can use these results to improve password-composition policies.
7D2DA1ED	Personal information and organizational information need to be protected, which requires that only authorized users gain access to the information. The most commonly used method for authenticating users who attempt to access such information is through the use of username–password combinations. However, this is a weak method of authentication because users tend to generate passwords that are easy to remember but also easy to crack. Proactive password checking, for which passwords must satisfy certain criteria, is one method for improving the security of user-generated passwords. The present study evaluated the time and number of attempts needed to generate unique passwords satisfying different restrictions for multiple accounts, as well as the login time and accuracy for recalling those passwords. Imposing password restrictions alone did not necessarily lead to more secure passwords. However, the use of a technique for which the first letter of each word of a sentence was used coupled with a requirement to insert a special character and digit yielded more secure passwords that were more memorable.
77905A47	We describe a sequence of five experiments on network security that cast students successively in the roles of computer user, programmer, and system administrator. Unlike experiments described in several previous papers, these experiments avoid placing students in the role of attacker. Each experiment starts with an in-class demonstration of an attack by the instructor. Students then learn how to use open-source defense tools appropriate for the role they are playing and the attack at hand. Threats covered include eavesdropping, dictionary, man-in-the-middle, port scanning, and fingerprinting attacks. Defense skills gained by students include how to forward ports with OpenSSH, how to prevent weak passwords with CrackLib, how to salt passwords, how to set up a simple certifying authority, issue and verify certificates, and guarantee communication confidentiality and integrity using OpenSSL, and how to set up firewalls and IPsec-based virtual private networks. At two separate offerings, tests taken before and after each experiment showed that each has a statistically significant and large effect on students' learning. Moreover, surveys show that students finish the sequence of experiments with high interest in further studies and work in the area of security. These results suggest that the experiments are well-suited for introductory security or networking courses.