757BA39E	The real-time speech hiding is to hide the secret speech into a cover speech in real-time communication systems. By hiding one secret speech into the cover speech, we can get a stego speech, which sounds meaningful and indistinguishable from the original cover speech. Therefore, even if the attackers catch the audio packets on Internet, they would not notice that there is another speech hidden inside it. In this paper, we propose a scheme for speech hiding in a real-time communication system such as voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP). We propose a novel design of real-time speech hiding for G.711 codec, which is widely supported by almost every VoIP device. Experimental results show that the processing time for the proposed algorithm takes only 0.257 ms, which is suitable for real-time VoIP applications.
7619646B	Multimedia applications have been the key driving force in converging fixed, mobile and IP networks. A major hurdle in the realisation of this convergence is obtaining Quality of Service from a heterogeneous, best-effort service network. Interactive voice requires strict bounds on delay, jitter and packet losses, for Different Network Traffic Intensity, whereas video adds significant bandwidth requirements to the network, while Internet only makes its best effort to deliver a packet. Hence, the end-to-end QoS management of heterogeneous networks supporting multimedia services is of paramount importance. We present an empirical performance study of multimedia applications over 802.11 networks within metropolitan area networking environments. Specifically, we study the QoS performance of Voice over IP (VoIP) applications over 802.11-based networks, while sharing the network resources with HTTP and video applications. Using the OPNET simulator, we simulate several realistic application traffic scenarios, and we investigate the performance of VoIP applications by analyzing QoS parameters, such as delay, jitter, MOS, and packet loss ratio. Subsequently, the performance characteristics data of the network, which we obtain through simulations, are used to build a Markov model of the network performance to extend our analysis and gain further insight into the network performance dynamics.
5A8F9D97	We propose a novel online monitoring approach to distinguish between attacks and normal activity in SIP-based Voice over IP environments. We demonstrate the efficiency of the approach even when only limited data sets are used in learning phase. The solution builds on the monitoring of a set of 38 features in VoIP flows and uses Support Vector Machines for classification. We validate our proposal through large offline experiments performed over a mix of real world traces from a large VoIP provider and attacks locally generated on our own testbed. Results show high accuracy of detecting SPIT and flooding attacks and promising performance for an online deployment are measured.
7D39AC23	Delay and packet loss dramatically affect the quality of voice-over-IP (VoIP) calls and depend on the playout buffer scheme implemented at the receiver. The choice of playout algorithm can't be based on statistical metrics without considering the perceived end-to-end conversational speech quality. The authors present a method for evaluating various playout algorithms that extends the E-model concept by estimating user satisfaction from time-varying transmission impairments. This article evaluates several playout algorithms and shows a correspondence between the authors' results and those obtained via statistical loss and delay metrics.
8133D5AC	Real-time services such as VoIP are becoming popular and are major revenue earners for network service providers. These services are no longer confined to the wired domain and are being extended over wireless networks. Although some of the existing wireless technologies can support some low-bandwidth applications, the bandwidth demands of many multimedia applications exceed the capacity of these technologies. The IEEE 802.16-based WiMax promises to be one of the wireless access technologies capable of supporting very high bandwidth applications. In this paper, we exploit the rich set of flexible features offered at the medium access control (MAC) layer of WiMax for the construction and transmission of MAC protocol data units (MPDUs) for supporting multiple VoIP streams. We study the quality of VoIP calls, usually given by R-score, with respect to the delay and loss of packets. We observe that loss is more sensitive than delay; hence, we compromise the delay performance within acceptable limits in order to achieve a lower packet loss rate. Through a combination of techniques like forward error correction, automatic repeat request, MPDU aggregation, and minislot allocation, we strike a balance between the desired delay and loss. Simulation experiments are conducted to test the performance of the proposed mechanisms. We assume a three-state Markovian channel model and study the performance with and without retransmissions. We show that the feedback-based technique coupled with retransmissions, aggregation, and variable length MPDUs are effective and increase the R-score and mean opinion score by about 40 percent.
812A382D	The paper investigates the effects of packet loss and delay jitter on speech quality in voice over Internet protocol (VoIP) scenarios. A new formula is proposed to quantify these effects and incorporated into ITU-T G.107, the E-model. In the simulation, codecs ITU-T G.723.1 and G.729 are used; random packet loss and Pareto distributed network delay are introduced. The prediction errors range between -0.20 and +0.12 MOS (mean opinion score). The formula extends the coverage of the current E-model, and is very useful in MOS prediction as well as network planning.
6E870075	Perceived conversational speech quality is a key quality of service (QoS) metric for voice over IP (VoIP) applications. Speech quality is mainly affected by network impairments, such as delay, jitter and packet loss. Playout buffer algorithms are used to compensate for jitter based on a tradeoff between delay and loss, but can have a significant effect on perceived quality. The main aim in this paper is to assess how buffer algorithms affect perceived speech quality and how to choose the best algorithm and its parameters to obtain optimum perceived speech quality (in terms of an objective mean opinion score). The contributions of the paper are three-fold. First, we introduce a new methodology for predicting conversational speech quality (conversational mean opinion score or MOSc) which combines the latest ITU-T speech quality measurement algorithm (PESQ) and the concepts of the E-model. Second, we assess different playout buffer algorithms using the new MOSc metric on Internet trace data. Our findings indicate that, in general, end-to-end delay has a major effect on the selection of a buffer algorithm and its parameters. For small end-to-end delays, an algorithm that seeks to minimise loss is preferred, whereas for large end-to-end delays, an algorithm that aims at a minimum buffer delay is best. Third, we propose a modified buffer algorithm together with an adaptive parameter adjustment scheme. Preliminary results show that this can achieve an "optimum" perceived speech quality for all the traces considered. The results are based on Internet trace data measurements between UK and USA, UK and China, UK and Germany.
80F515A4	This paper presents an adaptive steganography scheme for Voice over IP (VoIP). Differing from existing steganography techniques for VoIP, this scheme enhances the embedding transparency by taking into account the similarity between Least Significant Bits (LSBs) and embedded messages. Moreover, we introduce the notion of Partial Similarity Value (PSV). By properly setting the threshold PSV, we can adaptively balance the embedding transparency and capacity. We evaluate the effectiveness of this scheme with G.729a as the codec of the cover speech in StegTalk, a covert communication system based on VoIP. The experimental results demonstrate that our technique provides better performance than the traditional method.
7DE3AE79	Transcoding Steganography (TranSteg) is a fairly new IP telephony steganographic method that is characterized by a high steganographic bandwidth, low introduced distortions, and high undetectability. TranSteg utilizes compression of the overt data to free space for the secret data bits. In this paper, we focus on evaluating different possibilities for TranSteg detection. Building on the previous works, we perform a wide analysis of different steganalysis methods to assess the possibility of TranSteg detection and identify the most ‘undetectable’ pairs of voice codecs. 
5F8051C3	According to former results from (Dittmann et al., 2005) in this paper we summarize the design principles from the general approach and introduce extended experimental test results of a voice-over-IP (VoIP) framework including a steganographic channel based on (Dittmann et al., 2005), (Dittmann and Hesse, 2004), (Kraetzer et al., 2006) and (Vogel et al., 2006). We show that using this framework it is largely secure to transmit hidden messages during a VoIP session and demonstrate results with respect to perceptibility for music and speech data
79250463	With the spread of new and innovative Internet services such as SIP-based communications, the challenge of protecting and defending these critical applications has been raised. In particular, SIP firewalls attempt to filter the signaling un- wanted activities and attacks based on the knowledge of the SIP protocol. Optimizing the SIP firewall configuration at real-time by selecting the best filtering rules is problematic because it depends on both natures of the legal traffic and the unwanted activities. More precisely, we do not know exactly how the unwanted activities are reflected in the SIP messages and in what they differ from the legal ones. In this paper, we address the case of Spam over Internet Telephony (SPIT) mitigation. We propose an adaptive solution based on extracting signatures from learnt decision trees. Our sim- ulations show that quickly learning the optimal configura- tion for a SIP firewall leads to reduce at lowest the unso- licited calls as reported by the users under protection. Our results promote the application of machine learning algo- rithms for supporting network and service resilience against such new challenges. 
77FE1304	The design of a VoIP media stream encryption device based on ARM9 CPU is introduced. The device can be deployed between the Soft Switch or IP-PBX and the VoIP terminal, dedicatedly used for the encryption/de-encryption of the VoIP signal and the RTP voice packet. As an illustration, the encryption flow of the packet is described when the VoIP protocol is SIP and the encryption algorithm is RC4. Then a test is implemented to compare the packet before the encryption and after that, the effectiveness of the design is proved.
5D0F37C5	Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) refers to the technology used to transport voice in a digitised form over an IP-based network. As a network service, VoIP inherits all the vulnerabilities a best-effort service network suffers since voice frames can often travel over hostile environments such as the Internet. In this paper we perform an experimental analysis on the effects of encryption under burst VoIP traffic conditions in terms of call volumes under the CS-CELP G.729 coder. The effects of encryption have been illustrated by using the NS-2 simulation tool and a fully automated Python script.
7D5CAE14	The IEEE 802.16 system called WiMAX (Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access) provides quality of service (QoS) of several types for different service. The WiMAX is expected to support QoS for real time application, such as Voice over IP (VoIP). In this paper, when network congestion occurs, the VoIP bit-rate needs to be adapted to achieve the best speech quality. We propose a new scheme called Adaptive VoIP Level Coding (AVLC). VoIP is sensitive to delay and loss. According to different network conditions such as varied modulation, packet delay, packet loss, and residual time slot, we use G.722.2 codec to adapt each connection’s data rate. Simulation experiments are conducted to test the performance (network delay, packet loss, and R-score) of the proposed mechanisms. In result, we increase the R-score about 40% to 50%.
81670C60	Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) is becoming popular to end-users and sparking great interests in broadband wireless networks. As a mobile version of Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access (WiMAX), IEEE 802.16e plays an important role in the evolution towards 4G. In this paper, we have investigated the actual quality of VoIP in the 4G field trial, which aims to better understand the mobile WiMAX performance for delay-sensitive services. Distinct from the past research works, we set up two different evaluation systems, professional and user-friendly. The performance measurements utilize Perceptual Evaluation of Speech Quality (PESQ) to evaluate the voice quality, the packet loss, jitter and delay for network tests. Our test results show that the mobile WiMAX network is able to support well the delay-sensitive VoIP service. We find that the VoIP quality on the downlink is perfect. On the uplink, the quality is degraded but still adequate at both cases of the cell edge and handover. Our work makes a contribution in better understanding the mobile WiMAX performance for both industry and academia.
7E951C8D	The quality of service limitation of today's Internet is a major challenge for real-time voice communications. Excessive delay, packet loss, and high delay jitter all impair the communication quality. A new receiver-based playout scheduling scheme is proposed to improve the tradeoff between buffering delay and late loss for real-time voice communication over IP networks. In this scheme the network delay is estimated from past statistics and the playout time of the voice packets is adaptively adjusted. In contrast to previous work, the adjustment is not only performed between talkspurts, but also within talkspurts in a highly dynamic way. Proper reconstruction of continuous playout speech is achieved by scaling individual voice packets using a time-scale modification technique based on the Waveform Similarity Overlap-Add (WSOLA) algorithm. Results of subjective listening tests show that this operation does not impair audio quality, since the adaptation process requires infrequent scaling of the voice packets and low playout jitter is perceptually tolerable. The same time-scale modification technique is also used to conceal packet loss at very low delay, i.e., one packet time. Simulation results based on Internet measurements show that the tradeoff between buffering delay and late loss can be improved significantly. The overall audio quality is investigated based on subjective listening tests, showing typical gains of 1 on a 5-point scale of the Mean Opinion Score.
8046B9CD	This paper examines the capacity and performance characteristics of the digital video broadcasting (DVB)/Digital Audio-Visual Council (DAVIC) cable television protocol for the delivery of low rate isochronous streams for a cable population of up to 700 nodes. Streams (ranging from 8 to 128 kbps) suitable for timing critical services such as compressed/uncompressed voice (e.g., VoIP: G711 and G.7231), audio and low quality video, were considered in order to study the effects on channel capacity when using reservation and fixed access for the delivery of timing critical services. The analysis focuses on the,performance of the upstream channel, which is the limiting factor of community antenna television (CATV) networks and is critical in the delivery of services to individual subscribers on demand. Simulation results indicated that such streams, within the given protocol limitations, can be supported for a particular system population with trade-offs in terms of system throughput and channel utilization. Network capacity, in terms of the number of simultaneous streams supported and link utilization, is significantly affected by packet size. Analysis of the results indicated that for different streams, packet sizes and combined with header suppression, the benefits from the use of fixed access is essential for the support of timing critical services.
7EB78B3B	Traffic engineering and admission control schemes for QoS support over the Internet share the hypothesis that offered traffic must be policed. Recently, measurement-based techniques have been proposed as effective QoS-guarantee mechanisms. For them, a key element is a thorough understanding of the characteristics of regulated traffic. In this paper, we present an analysis of the traffic output process for a leaky-bucket-regulated voice source with silence suppression, which would be a prime candidate for VoIP service. Specifically, we present a procedure for calculating the mean and the variance of the amount of regulated traffic as a function of the measurement period. We evaluate the quality of our results via simulation.
7F900EF9	In this paper, we exploit the flexible features in the medium access control (MAC) layer of WiMax for construction and transmission of MAC protocol data units (MPDU) for supporting multiple VoIP streams over a WiMax link. Quality of VoIP calls, usually given by R-score, is studied with respect to delay and loss of packets. We observe that loss is more sensitive than delay, hence we trade delay for loss. We propose a combination of techniques that exploit the flexibility of the WiMax MAC layer to strike a balance between loss and delay. These techniques are forward error correction, automatic repeat request, MPDU aggregation, and minislot allocation. Simulation experiments are conducted to test the performance of the proposed mechanisms. We assume a three-state Markovian channel model and study the performance with and without retransmissions. We show that the feedback-based technique coupled with retransmissions, aggregation, and variable length MPDUs are effective and increases the R-score by about 40%.
7E86AB80	Voice over IP (VoIP), also known as Internet telephony, is gaining market share rapidly and now competes favorably as one of the visible applications of the Internet. Nevertheless, being an application running over the TCP/IP suite, it is susceptible to flooding attacks. If flooded, as a time-sensitive service, VoIP may show noticeable service degradation and even encounter sudden service disruptions. Because multiple protocols are involved in a VoIP service and most of them are susceptible to flooding, an effective solution must be able to detect and overcome hybrid floods. As a solution, we offer the VoIP flooding detection system (vFDS)-an online statistical anomaly detection framework that generates alerts based on abnormal variations in a selected hybrid collection of traffic flows. It does so by viewing collections of related packet streams as evolving probability distributions and measuring abnormal variations in their relationships based on the Hellinger distance-a measure of variability between two probability distributions. Experimental results show that vFDS is fast and accurate in detecting flooding attacks, without noticeably increasing call setup times or introducing jitter into the voice streams.
80DBB73F	When voice traffic is transported over a packet-based network, a number of conditions different from the ones in the traditional circuit-switched network will have an influence on the quality of the speech signal as perceived by the users. In particular, distortion of the voice signal due to delay jitter and partial loss of signal caused by packet loss will have an important impact. Therefore, in order to determine the influence of delay jitter and packet loss on the perceived quality, an objective speech quality assessment system, called DSLA, is used to predict the mean opinion score for voice connections, which are set up on a test-bed, subject to artificially introduced network conditions. A decomposition of the voice degradation is made into different parts, due to sampling, digitization, encoding/decoding, packet loss and delay jitter, respectively. It is found that delay jitter has a devastating influence on the perceived quality, when no dejittering buffer is used. However, when the received signal is dejittered, the degradation due to jitter is similar to the one caused by packet loss.
7F88127A	This paper presents a VoIP teleconferencing service that does not required expensive equipment and that can be administrated on a user level. The system is designed and developed so as to be independent of the user environment and to offer high QoS by reducing processing delay. This is achieved through the introduction of a high-speed mixing method to synchronize and mix RTP voice streams. The performance of a trial implementation of a teleconferencing server using this service is evaluated, and its effectiveness is confirmed.
6FF3092D	Voice signal processing algorithms such as P.861 PSQM (perceptual speech quality measure) and P.862 PESQ (perceptual evaluation of speech quality) have been recommended by the ITU-T for the objective measurement of subjective speech quality. The algorithms have been implemented in commercially available products to measure the end-to-end speech quality of voice-over-IP (VoIP) calls. Such measurements are carried out by transmitting a packetized reference speech signal and then applying PSQM or PESQ to the received signal and the original reference to obtain an objective quality score. The measurements are intrusive since test calls are injected into the network. We develop a novel passive method for measuring and monitoring speech quality in live (i.e. in progress) VoIP calls. In contrast to the intrusive methods, the passive method does not require the transmission of any reference speech signal. Instead, the method operates directly on VoIP packet streams copied from the network and applies the ITU-T objective speech quality processing algorithms to the copied voice signals and specially constructed 'pseudo-packet' stream signals. Thus there is no need for any sending devices. The proposed passive method inherits the accuracy that is already provided by the ITU-T objective methods.
7C2CDBE3	Extensible Messaging and Presence Protocol (XMPP) is an open, XML-based protocol aimed at near-real-time, extensible instant messaging (IM) and presence information. It has been expanded into the broader realm of message-oriented middleware. Built to be extensible, the protocol has been extended with features such as Voice over IP and file transfer signaling. XMPP protocol has been used by many social networking platforms including gtalk, and facebook; collaborative services like google wave, and gradient; geo-presence systems like Nokia Ovi Contacts; multiplayer games like chesspark, and by many online live customer support and technical support services. In this manuscript, I will introduce XMPP and its extensions. In the tutorials I will demonstrate how you can leverage some of the available open source software and libraries for rapid development of XMPP enabled services and communication platforms. The tutorial slides and supplementary materials will be available on my website: http://drozturk.com/talks.
7A87B931	The success of Skype has inspired a generation of peer-to-peer-based solutions for real-time multimedia services over the Internet. However, there lacks still a robust metric quantifying the perceptual quality of a Skype call. The widely-used PESQ (Perceptual Evaluation of Speech Quality) falls short of modeling super-wideband calls, which are characteristics of SILK Skype's codec made public in 2011. Towards a robust QoE (Quality of Experience) metric for VoIP call analysis, we propose a model, referred to as WF-Regression model, to capture the call rate and perceptual quality relationship. The model is shown through a user study that it is robust, R-square = 0.9990 and outperform PESQ modeling the quality of Skype calls, error ratio = 3.68% vs. 14.59%.
7DF83938	In the network devices for real time streaming, e.g. VoIP phone, video phone and online game, the playout algorithm controls the playout delay to eliminate the jitter and to minimize the overflow packet loss. Conventional algorithms did this based on network delay only; they did not consider the user perceived quality, and aware the codec and communication duplex mode. Therefore, we present two novel approaches: codec aware adaptive playout (CAAP) and duplex aware adaptive playout (DAAP), they intend to optimize the user perceived quality based on codec and communication duplex mode respectively. Because of their different characteristics, CAAP and DAAP can work either alone or together; and their improvements are accumulative. The out-performance of CAAP and DAAP are superior the prior algorithm in our substantial but conservative evaluation. Since no objective mechanisms for measuring the speech quality of two-way communication exist; a new LMOS-DMOS measurement mechanism is also proposed. Although VoIP is an exemplary embodiment in this paper, we formally model our algorithms into a generalized user perceived QoS control as well.
80AA5E5F	Receiver playout buffers are required to smooth network delay variations for multimedia streams. Playout buffer algorithms such as those commonly used in the Internet, autoregressively measure the network delay and variation and adjust the buffer delay accordingly, to avoid packets arriving too late. In this work, we attempt to adjust the buffer delay based on a prediction of the network delay and a similar measure of variation. The philosophy here is that the use of an accurate prediction will adjust the buffer delay more effectively by tracking rapid fluctuations more accurately. Proper buffer delay can lead to either (or both) a lower total end-to-end delay for a fixed packet lateness percentage or fewer late packets for a fixed total end-to-end delay which are both important metrics for applications such as IP telephony. We present a playout algorithm based on a simple normalized least-mean-square (NLMS) adaptive predictor and demonstrate using Internet packet traces that it can yield reductions in average total end-to-end delays.
7DDF15E2	In voice over IP (VoIP) networks, multiple voice frames can be sent within one packet to increase the network efficiency. When packet loss happens, the voice decoder often tries to conceal the erased frames from received parameters. This paper discuss the quantitative dependency of concealment quality on the packetization rate in terms of LPC distortion. The performance of an erasure-robust. concealment method is analyzed and simulated in comparison with the standard G.729 concealment method. Results show that around 1.2 dB improvement on spectral distortion can be obtained with erasure robust. concealment compared with G.729 under 1-6 frames/packet, packetization. A method to determine the maximum packet size given the network load and expected concealment quality is introduced. The proposed method serves as the packetization guidance during the call setup procedure in VoIP sessions.
7DCBCB60	Steganography, as one of alternative techniques for secure communications, has drawn more and more attentions. This paper presents a covert communication model based on least significant bits (LSB) steganography in Voice over IP (VoIP). The model aims at providing nice security of secret messages and real-time performance that is vital for VoIP. Therefore, we employ a simple encryption of secret messages before embedding them. This encryption strikes a good balance between adequate short-term protection for secret messages and low latency for VoIP. Furthermore, we design a structure of embedded messages. It can provide flexible length and avoid effectually both extraction attack and deceptive attack. We evaluate the model with ITU-T G.729a as the codec of the cover speech in StegTalk, our platform for study on covert communications theory in VoIP. In this case, the proposed model can provide two optional covert transmission speeds, i.e. 0.8kb/s and 2.6 kb/s, where the maximum payload ratio is 99.98%. The experimental results show that our method has negligible effects on speech quality and well meets the real-time requirement of VoIP.
01014831	In VoIP applications, packet loss can have a major impact on perceived speech quality. The impact is affected by factors such as packet loss size, loss pattern and loss locations. In this paper, we report an investigation into the impact of loss location on perceived speech quality and the relationships between convergence time and loss location for three different codecs (G.729, G.723.1 and AMR) using perceptual-based objective measurement methods (PSQM+, MNB and EMBSD). Our results show that loss location has a severe effect on perceived speech quality. The loss at unvoiced speech segments has little impact on perceived speech quality for all codecs. However, the loss at the beginning of voiced segments has the most severe impact on perceived speech quality. The convergence time depends on the speech content (voiced/unvoiced). For unvoiced segments, the convergence time is stable whereas for voiced segments it varies but has an upper bound at the end of the segment. Our method allows a more accurate measurement of the exact effect of packet loss on perceived speech quality. This could help in the development of a perceptually relevant packet loss metric, which could be valuable in non-intrusive VoIP measurements.
7E1E9CC9	We measured the capacity for VoIP traffic in an IEEE 802.11b wireless testbed and compared it with the theoretical capacity and our simulation results. We identified factors that have been commonly overlooked in past studies but affect experiments and simulations. We found that in many papers, the capacity for VoIP traffic has been measured via simulations or experiments without considering these factors, showing different capacity in each paper. After these corrections, simulations and experiments yielded a capacity estimate of 15 calls for 64 kb/s CBR VoIP traffic with 20 ms packetization interval and 38 calls for VBR VoIP traffic with a 0.39 activity ratio. Furthermore, we measured the capacity for VoIP traffic using each access category introduced in the 802.11e standard and the effect of the TCP traffic on VoIP traffic. We found that while the 802.11e standard can protect the QoS of VoIP against TCP traffic, it does not improve the capacity due to the significant retransmissions during TXOP.
7E923534	We propose a streaming authentication scheme for the use over the IP telephony. To clear the strict real-time transmission requirements of the IP telephony, the latency and interval between signatures are adjusted dynamically according to the transmission quality of the network. This provides efficient signing and continuous authentication during real-time streaming. We show our scheme's advantages over previously proposed schemes by comparing delay on the sender and receiver side, and tolerance to packet loss.
7F80D600	We propose a new stream cipher suitable for high-speed network applications, called HSSC (high-speed stream cipher). HSSC uses simple structure to allow detailed analysis and high software performance. The software implementation using C is about 2.07 cycles per byte on a Pentium II 450MHz platform. HSSC uses twelve 32-bit variables as internal states, four predefined constants, four key-derived constants and a set of rules to combine the internal states into 128-bit output per round.
7E03F6EF	Telephony over IP is exposed to multiple security threats. Conventional protection mechanisms do not fit into the highly dynamic, open and large-scale settings of VoIP infrastructures, and may significantly impact on the performance of such a critical service. We propose in this paper a runtime risk management strategy based on anomaly detection techniques for continuously adapting the VoIP service exposure. This solution relies on support vector machines (SVM) and exploits dynamic security safeguards to reduce risks in a progressive manner. We describe how SVM parameters can be integrated into a runtime risk model, and show how this framework can be deployed into an Asterisk VoIP server. We evaluate the benefits and limits of our solution through a prototype and an extensive set of experimental results.
652368DD	We present a new and powerful approach for transmitting video over the Internet via dial-up modem links. Currently, the source and channel coding are both done in the user PC. In fact, joint source channel coding has become quite popular. In strong contrast to this, we propose to spatially separate the source and channel coding so that the source coding is performed in the user PC and the channel coding is performed in the remote access concentrator. This results in significantly improved video quality since the modem connection has a very small packet loss rate compared to the Internet. In addition, the bit rate of the modem connection is fixed and much lower than the potentially available bit rate of the Internet. Clearly, using a channel coding scheme powerful enough to protect against the high packet loss rate of the Internet is not necessary for the modem connection, and in fact, it is a waste of the already very constrained modem connection bandwidth. By moving the channel coding from the user PC to the remote access concentrator, we free up bits on the highly reliable modem link for the source coding, which in turn results in a compressed video of higher quality. In the remote access concentrator we then employ a channel coding scheme which increases the overall bit rate but also makes the real time stream robust to the highly likely packet drops in the Internet.
7CEC8964	This paper presents a formal framework for identifying and filtering SPIT calls (SPam in Internet Telephony) in an outbound scenario with provable optimal performance. In so doing, our work is largely different from related previous work: our goal is to rigorously formalize the problem in terms of mathematical decision theory, find the optimal solution to the problem, and derive concrete bounds for its expected loss (number of mistakes the SPIT filter will make in the worst case).This goal is achieved by considering an abstracted scenario amenable to theoretical analysis, namely SPIT detection in an outbound scenario with pure sources. Our methodology is to first define the cost of making an error (false positive and false negative), apply Wald's sequential probability ratio test to the individual sources, and then determine analytically error probabilities such that the resulting expected loss is minimized.The benefits of our approach are: (1) the method is optimal (in a sense defined in the paper); (2) the method does not rely on manual tuning and tweaking of parameters but is completely self-contained and mathematically justified; (3) the method is computationally simple and scalable. These are desirable features that would make our method a component of choice in larger, autonomic frameworks. 
7D662126	In this paper we experimentally study the relationship between resource utilization in the wireless LAN and the quality of VoIP calls transmitted over the wireless medium. Specifically we evaluate how its overall capacity is shared between three basic MAC bandwidth components (load, access, and free) as the number of VoIP calls increases and how it influences transmission impairments (delay, loss, and jitter) and thus call quality. Resource utilization (under the MAC bandwidth components framework) is calculated by a WLAN probe application that passively "sniffs" packets at the L2/MAC layer of the wireless medium and analyses their headers and temporal characteristics. The quality of VoIP calls is predicted using an extended version of the ITU-T E-model, which estimates user satisfaction from time varying transmission impairments. Through experimentation with various codecs and packetization schemes we found that as the load (number of calls) reaches the available capacity level, packet delays and jitter increase dramatically resulting in the call quality becoming degraded. We show how these MAC bandwidth components maybe used to assess the VoIP call quality on 802.11 WLANs
6D785A11	The paper presents a new hidden data insertion procedure based on estimated probability of the remaining time of the call for steganographic method called LACK (Lost Audio PaCKets steganography). LACK provides hidden communication for real-time services like Voice over IP. The analytical results presented in this paper concern the influence of LACK's hidden data insertion procedures on the method's impact on quality of voice transmission and its resistance to steganalysis. The proposed hidden data insertion procedure is also compared to previous steganogram insertion approach based on estimated remaining average call duration. 
58CF9412	Delay and packet loss dramatically affect the quality of voice-over-IP (VoIP) calls and depend on the playout buffer scheme implemented at the receiver. The choice of playout algorithm can't be based on statistical metrics without considering the perceived end-to-end conversational speech quality. The authors present a method for evaluating various playout algorithms that extends the E-model concept by estimating user satisfaction from time-varying transmission impairments. This article evaluates several playout algorithms and shows a correspondence between the authors' results and those obtained via statistical loss and delay metrics.
764AF17F	Cloud Consulting combines open source grid computing for distributed cloud computing and Enterprise Resource Modeling (ERP) to provide Infrastructure as a Service (IaaS), Platform as a Service (PaaS) and Software as a Service (SaaS) through a simple, unified API. Cloud communications refers to using internet-based or cloud-based voice and data communications services, where telecommunications applications, switching, and storage are managed generally by third parties. These services can include capabilities that range from Voice over IP (VoIP) communications to hosted PBX and unified communications delivering voice, fax, video, and data requirements. Provisioning for these services is known as Communication as a Service (CaaS).
8054009E	Steganography is an ancient art that encompasses various techniques of information hiding, the aim of which is to embed secret information into a carrier message. Steganographic methods are usually aimed at hiding the very existence of the communication. Due to the rise in popularity of IP telephony, together with the large volume of data and variety of protocols involved, it is currently attracting the attention of the research community as a perfect carrier for steganographic purposes. This article is a first survey of the existing Voice over IP (VoIP) steganography methods and their countermeasures.
75EAC64A	Delay and packet loss dramatically affect the quality of voice-over-IP (VoIP) calls and depend on the playout buffer scheme implemented at the receiver. The choice of playout algorithm can't be based on statistical metrics without considering the perceived end-to-end conversational speech quality. The authors present a method for evaluating various playout algorithms that extends the E-model concept by estimating user satisfaction from time-varying transmission impairments. This article evaluates several playout algorithms and shows a correspondence between the authors' results and those obtained via statistical loss and delay metrics.
7EFA283A	The adaptive codebook used in CELP (code excited linear prediction) codecs to model the pitch excitation allows the attainment of a high quality of synthesized speech but introduces a strong inter-frame dependency and consequently causes error propagation in case of frame erasure. In a previous work we showed that the error propagation can be greatly reduced by constraining, at the encoder side, the innovative codebook to partially model the pitch excitation. In this paper we extend this work by exploiting, at the decoder side, the pitch-related information present in the innovative excitation to speed up the recovery of the decoder. The method consists in adequately shifting the last pitch pulse present within the corrupted adaptive codebook memory so that it is resynchronized with the excitation parameters of the frame that follows the erased one
7C8D0145	VoIP applications are becoming popular these days. A lot of Internet traffic are being generated by them. Detection of VoIP traffic is becoming important because of QoS issues and security concerns. A VoIP client typically opens a number of network connection between VoIP client and VoIP client, VoIP client and VoIP server. In the case of peer to peer VoIP applications like Skype network, connections may be between client to client, client to Super Node, client to login server, Super Node to Super Node. Typically, VoIP media traffic are carried by UDP unless firewalls blocks UDP, in which case media and signalling traffic are carried by TCP. Many VoIP applications uses RTP to carry media traffic. Notable examples includes GTalk, Google+ Hangouts, Asterisk based VoIP and Apple's FaceTime. On the other hand, Skype uses a proprietary protocol based on P2P architecture. It uses encryption for end to end communications and adopts obfuscation and anti reverse engineering techniques to prevent reverse engineering of the Skype protocol. This makes the detection of Skype flows a challenging task. Although Skype encrypts all communications, still a portion of Skype payload header known as Start of Message (SoM) is left unecrypted. In this paper, we develop a method for detection of VoIP flows in UDP media streams. Our detection method relies on signalling traffic generated by VoIP applications and heuristics based on the information contained in Skype SoM and RTP/RTCP headers.
5C691BA5	The paper presents a new hidden data insertion procedure based on estimated probability of the remaining time of the call for steganographic method called LACK (Lost Audio PaCKets steganography). LACK provides hidden communication for real-time services like Voice over IP. The analytical results presented in this paper concern the influence of LACK's hidden data insertion procedures on the method's impact on quality of voice transmission and its resistance to steganalysis. The proposed hidden data insertion procedure is also compared to previous steganogram insertion approach based on estimated remaining average call duration. 
7F6DAD9F	This paper presents validation and evaluation of mobile VoIP support over WiMAX networks using the FMIPv6-based cross layer handover scheme. A software module has been implemented for the FMIPv6-based handoff scheme. The handoff delay components are formulated. To evaluate its support of mobile VoIP, we carefully assess the handoff delay, the total delay, and the R factor which is a representation of voice user satisfactory degree. Simulation results show that the cross-layering handoff scheme, as compared with the non-cross-layer scheme, successfully decreases layer-3 handoff delay by almost 50%, and is therefore thriving to support mobile VoIP services. We believe this is the first performance evaluation work for the FMIPv6-based cross-layer scheme, and hence an important work for the WiMAX research community.
58C68905	We propose an original method to geoposition an audio/video stream with multiple emitters that are at the same time receivers of the mixed signal. The achieved method is suitable for those comes where a list of positions within a designated area is encoded with a degree of precision adjusted to the visualization capabilities; and is also easily extensible to support new requirements. This method extends a previously proposed protocol, without incurring in any performance penalty.
7FCD235E	Voice over internet protocol (VoIP) provided voice service using Internet. It receives footlights when it escapes an initial curiosity. Interest to VoIP increased, because it can transfer existing phone service and deliver voice data through Internet technology. Communication service providers introduce Next Generation Network and Broadband convergence Network with VoIP as an added service to the consumer. In addition, session initiation protocol (SIP) service can be applied even outside the Internet phone service. However, it is needed to ensure secrecy of VoIP call in a special situation. It is relatively difficult to eavesdrop in the commonly used Public Switched Telephone Network (PSTN) as it is connected with 1:1 circuit. In this paper, we propose a new model of Internet telephone for eavesdrop prevention enabling VoIP (using SIP protocol) to use the virtual private network (VPN) protocol and establish the probability of practical use comparing it with Internet telephone. Copyright © 2010 John Wiley & Sons, Ltd.
78F4BCB6	Existing solutions for securing multimedia streams such as RTP and Ogg, particularly those based on encrypting large portions of the data stream, are highly unscalable, and infringe on the Quality of Service (QoS) requirements as well. In this paper, we propose an efficient selective encryption technique for securing Ogg formatted VoIP/video streams. The proposed solution encrypts only 1.5% of the stream while guaranteeing security/privacy of the entire bit stream. Experimental results based on example hardware platforms while simulating different digital attacks are presented to verify the robustness of the proposed method.
80843370	Recently voice over IP (VoIP) is experiencing a phenomenal growth. Being a real-time service, VoIP is more susceptible to denial-of-service (DoS) attacks than regular Internet services. Moreover, VoIP uses multiple protocols for call control and data delivery, making it vulnerable to various DoS attacks at different protocol layers. An attacker can easily disrupt VoIP services by flooding TCP SYN packets, UDP-based RTP packets, or SIP-based INVITE messages, which pose a critical threat to IP telephony. In this paper, we present an online statistical detection mechanism, called vFDS, to detect DoS attacks in the context of VoIP. The core of vFDS is based on Hellinger distance method, which computes the variability between two probability measures. Using Hellinger distance, we characterize normal protocol behaviors and then detect the traffic anomalies caused by flooding attacks. Our experimental results show that vFDS achieves fast and accurate detection of DoS attacks
80D69E67	With constantly increasing costs of energy, we ask ourselves what we can say about the energy efficiency of existing VoIP systems. To answer that question, we gather information about the existing client-server and peer-to-peer VoIP systems, build energy models for these systems, and evaluate their power consumption and relative energy efficiency through analysis and a series of experiments.Contrary to the recent work on energy efficiency of peer-to-peer systems, we find that even with efficient peers a peer-to-peer architecture can be less energy efficient than a client-server architecture. We also find that the presence of NATs in the network is a major obstacle in building energy efficient VoIP systems. We then provide a number of recommendations for making VoIP systems more energy efficient.
80508BA5	TCP and UDP are the dominant transport protocols today, with TCP being preferred because of the lack of fairness mechanisms in UDP. Some time-dependent applications with small bandwidth requirements, however, occasionally suffer from unnecessarily high latency due to TCP retransmission mechanisms that are optimized for high-throughput streams. Examples of such thin-stream applications are Internet telephony and multiplayer games. For such interactive applications, the high delays can be devastating to the experience of the service. To address the latency issues, we explored application-transparent, sender-side modifications. We investigated whether it is possible to bundle unacknowledged data to preempt the experience of packet loss and improve the perceived latency in time-dependent systems. We implemented and tested this idea in Linux. Our results show that we can reduce the application latency by trading it against bandwidth.
7D6DEB86	Multi media stream service provided by broadband wireless networks has emerged as a important technology and has attracted much attention today. Due to its large coverage area, low cost of deployment and high speed data rates, WiMAX is a promising technology for providing wireless last-mile connectivity. Physical and MAC layer of this technology refer to the IEEE 802.16e standard, which defines 5 different data delivery service classes that can be used in order to satisfy Quality of Service (QoS) requirements of different applications, such as VoIP, videoconference, FTP, Web, etc. In this paper we examine a case of QoS deployment over a cellular WiMAX network and in particular the performance obtained using two different QoS configurations namely ertPS and UGS has been compared. Results indicate that for delay-sensitive traffic ertPS has an edge over UGS and rtPS.
7550F29B	Implement VoIP Based IP Telephony with Open Source Asterisk ArchitectureAsterisk is a leading open source telephony software/system, easily implemented over intranet and internet. Asterisk empowers developers and integrators to create advanced communication solutions. An Asterisk system is a low cost type of a traditional PBX system. Any phone controlled by an Asterisk system can call a VoIP or analog phone controlled or managed by a traditional telephone system or by Asterisk telephone system. In this paper, the authors focus on the deployment and testing of various Open Source Asterisk Services in an enterprise level communication system. Selected services are listed in this paper that can be used to implement a telephone system with good Quality of Services QoS and good Quality of Experience QoE from the personal user to enterprise level users.
036916A5	This paper presents the design and analysis of a multilayer protection scheme against denial-of-service (DoS) attacks in IP telephony enabled enterprise networks. While there are many types of DoS attacks, we focus on flood-based attacks using application layer and transport layer signaling messages in IP telephony. We design sensors to detect and control these types attacks and consider different location of these sensors in the enterprise network. The algorithm for detecting these attacks is based on the well established non-parametric cumulative sum method. The response to the attack uses standard protocol features of IP telephony to control the number of incoming application and transport layer setup requests. We consider different recovery algorithms and compare their performance using our emulation toolkit. Our results show that the detection algorithm can quickly detect both transport and application layer attacks and is robust against various types of attacks. We also show that with proper choice of sensor parameters, the detection algorithm is effective over a wide range of call volumes.
7839BC52	The IP Multimedia Subsystem (IMS), standardized by the 3GPP, is the most promising contender for replacing legacy, voice-dedicated mobile networks with an All-IP technology. As 3GPP IMS standards are in their embryonic state it becomes very crucial to test IMS clients during their development on a platform that simulates the IMS network. IMS client testbed also allows the developers to experiment all error circumstances which are not possible on a live network. Furthermore, it is also very costly to use an operator's live network for testing purpose. This paper highlights challenges involved and our experience of building an IMS client test bed using open source tools like OpenIMScore.
79208D58	The name MPEG-4 high-efficiency AAC (HE-AAC) refers to a family of recent audio coders that was developed by the International Organization for Standardization/International Electrotechnical Commission (ISO/IEC) Moving Picture Experts Group (MPEG) by subsequent extension of the established Advanced Audio Coding (AAC) architecture. These algorithmic extensions facilitate a significant increase in coding efficiency relative to previous standards and other known systems. Thus, they provide a representation for generic audio/music signals that offers high audio quality also to applications limited in transmission bandwidth or storage capacity, such as digital audio broadcasting and wireless music access for cellular phones. This article presents a compact overview of the evolution, technology, and performance of the MPEG-4 HE-AAC coding family.
7B1DD2CD	Based on the knowledge and experiences from existing image steganalysis techniques, the overall objective of the paper is to evaluate existing audio steganography with a special focus on attacks in ad-hoc end-to-end media communications on the example of Voice over IP (VoIP) scenarios. One aspect is to understand operational requirements of recent steganographic techniques for VoIP applications. The other aspect is to elaborate possible steganalysis approaches applied to speech data. In particular we have examined existing VoIP applications with respect to their extensibility to steganographic algorithms. We have also paid attention to the part of steganalysis in PCM audio data which allows us to detect hidden communication while a running VoIP communication with the usage of the PCM codec. In our impelementation we use Jori's Voice over IP library by Jori Liesenborgs (JVOIPLIB) that provides primitives for a voice over IP communication. Finally we show first results of our prototypic implementation which extents the common VoIP scenario by the new feature of steganography. We also show the results for our PCM steganalyzer framework that is able to detect this kind of hidden communication by using a set of 13 first and second order statistics.
7D6F6428	Differing from applying steganography on storage cover media, steganography on voice over IP (VoIP) must often delicately balance between providing adequate security and maintaining low latency for real-time services. This paper presents a novel real-time steganography model for VoIP that aims at providing good security for secret messages without sacrificing real-time performance. We achieve this goal by employing the well-known least-significant-bits (LSB) substitution approach to provide a reasonable tradeoff between the adequate information hiding requirement (good security and sufficient capacity) and the low latency requirement for VoIP. Further, we incorporate the M-sequence technique to eliminate the correlation among secret messages to resist the statistical detection based on the fact that the distribution of the LSBs in the stego-speech is not uniform and to provide a short-term security protection of secret messages. To accurately recover secret messages at the receiver side, we design a synchronization mechanism based on the RSA key agreement and the synchronized sequence transmission using techniques of the protocol steganography, which can effectively enhance the flexibility of the covert communication system and be extended to other steganography schemes based on real-time systems. We evaluate the effectiveness of our model with ITU-T G.729a as the codec of the cover speech in StegTalk, a covert communication system based on VoIP. The experimental results demonstrate that our technique provides good security and transparency for transmitting secret messages while adequately meeting the real-time requirement of VoIP.
7D35A58A	For the limitation of the network resources, to support real-time service in mobile ad hoc networks is challenging, especially for the delay sensitive voice sessions. Firstly, the delay spike phenomenon is described and analyzed in detail in this paper. Then, to alleviate its impairment on the voice quality, based on the prediction of delay spikes, a new source rate adjusting mechanism is proposed, which changes the number of voice frames in the RTP packet according to the network conditions adaptively. The results have shown that our scheme can improve the voice quality obviously; moreover, network congestion can be relieved or even avoided effectively.
75D2EB80	The paper presents a new steganographic method for IP telephony called TranSteg (Transcoding Steganography). Typically, in steganographic communication it is advised for covert data to be compressed in order to limit its size. In TranSteg it is the overt data that is compressed to make space for the steganogram. The main innovation of TranSteg is to, for a chosen voice stream, find a codec that will result in a similar voice quality but smaller voice payload size than the originally selected. Then, the voice stream is transcoded. At this step the original voice payload size is intentionally unaltered and the change of the codec is not indicated. Instead, after placing the transcoded voice payload, the remaining free space is filled with hidden data. TranSteg proof of concept implementation was designed and developed. The obtained experimental results are enclosed in this paper. They prove that the proposed method is feasible and offers a high steganographic bandwidth while introducing small voice degradation. Moreover, TranSteg detection is difficult to perform when compared with existing VoIP steganography methods.
58FF219F	Skype, one of the popular VoIP applications, has its own redundancy mechanism to mitigate the impact of packet loss at the expense of additional bandwidth usage. However, the benefit of voice quality improvement through redundancy is reduced greatly in the case of consecutive loss of Skype packets. When Skype is running over wireless networks, the high likelihood of having consecutive packet loss in a noisy wireless environment could lead to an interesting scenario: using more bandwidth for a lower voice quality.In this thesis, we study the impact of the HARQ retransmission mechanism of WiMAX to the voice quality of Skype. Two key parameters for the HARQ mechanism of WiMAX (i.e. Maximum numbers of retransmission and the delay of sending ACK) and their interplay with voice quality are investigated in this research. While HARQ retransmission may reduce the redundancy usage in Skype, it introduces additional bandwidth usage during the retransmission. The overhead of WiMAX retransmission with different HARQ parameters and overall bandwidth usage of Skype are also discussed in this thesis. Numerical analysis and simulation of voice quality and bandwidth usage of Skype over WIMAX are presented. Results show that HARQ retransmission can reduce the impact of bursty noise and improve the voice quality of skype up to 22%. The overall bandwidth consumption can be reduced by 76% when HARQ is engaged. Combining our studies on voice quality and bandwidth usage, we attempt to obtain the optimal HARQ parameters that can lead to the highest voice quality over bandwidth usage ratio for Skype over WiMAX.
0F885325	Divide-and-rule strategy is popularly adopted in steganography based on Voice-over-IP (VoIP), which often divides a cover into many small parts and performs embedding operation on each one to maintain the real-time requirement of VoIP services. No existing study, however, notices that the cover length of the parts may seriously affect the embedding performance. The goal of this paper is to fill in the gap and present a novel steganographic scheme to achieve the optimal embedding. To attain the goal, we first present an adjustable matrix encoding (AME) approach, which can adaptively generate a guide matrix to accommodate to the given cover length and provide the best performance while guaranteeing the desired embedding capacity. Further, the optimal embedding is modeled as a typical combinatorial optimization problem, of which the optimal solution is an AME or a combination of multiple AMEs. We evaluate the proposed scheme with ITU-T G. 711 (A-law) as the codec of the cover speech and compare it with previous methods. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed scheme is really feasible in both theory and practice, and can provide consistently optimal embedding performance in any case. We present an optimal embedding scheme for Voice over IP.A novel adjustable matrix encoding (AME) is proposed to suit the limited cover.The optimal embedding using AME is modeled as a combinatorial optimization problem.An algorithm to search the optimal solution is provided.Our scheme can provide consistently optimal embedding performances in any case.
7D3C3318	Steganography is a data hiding process in which information is secured, while transferring data from sender to receiver. In audio steganography, encoding process is carried nut through inactive frames of low bit rate audio streams by performing iLBC (internet Low Bit rate Codec). This methodology can be used in applications such as VoIP (Voice Over Internet Protocol), streaming audio, archival and messaging. Traditionally, data embedding is carried out in the inactive frames rather than the active frame of streams; that is inactive frame has large embedding capacity. In addition VAD (Voice Activity Detection) algorithm is used for detecting inactive frames. The concealment of analysis is encoded by iLBC, that supports two basic frame lengths, giving a bit-rate of 13.3 kbps with an encoding frame length of 30 ms and 15.2 kbps with an encoding frame length of 20 nis . To enhance security in steganography PCC (Parabolic Curve Cryptography) algorithm is implemented.
84F40BB8	Governments and their agencies are often challenged by high cost and flexible telephonic and data services. Emerging technologies, such as those of Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) that allow convergent systems where voice and data networks can utilise the same network to provide both services, can be used to improve such services. However, these convergent networks are based on the classical (best-effort) characteristics that come with some weaknesses in respect of quality of service and fair access to network resources. This is true for multimedia applications that need bounds on delay and minimum bandwidth. VoIP is an implementation of these convergence networks that are capable of transporting voice over Internet Protocol (IP) based networks. In order to deploy a VoIP network capable of providing the traditional Public Switched Telephone Network–Private Branch Exchange (PSTN-PBX) scale solution, a number of issues such as services to be offered, end-user terminal, quality of service, security, bandwidth, signalling, protocol and operating legislations must be addressed. The implementation also requires an application software, which can be an open source or a proprietary software. This study examined how Asterisk, an open source VoIP software can be deployed to serve the needs of an educational institution. The educational institution in this case is the University of Namibia which is currently using a conventional PSTN system for voice and fax communication services, as well as the local area network connected to Internet for data services. Like any other open source software, Asterisk comes free of any proprietary costs. The study investigated how this software could be deployed for a longer period at the University of Namibia. Asterisk was deployed on a pilot basis to provide for a larger scale model to cater for the entire university. It was found out that the University of Namibia has a potential to implement the project although implementation can be scaled down so as to support sustainability. Since the software recommended for installation is open source, the project could be used as a source of information by students who specialize in real-time multi-media systems.
2EC0FE68	A fundamental issue in real-time interactive voice transmissions over unreliable IF networks is the loss or late arrival of packets for playback. This problem is especially serious when transmitting low bit rate-coded speech with pervasive dependencies introduced. In this case, the loss or late arrival of a single packet will lead to the loss of subsequent dependent frames. We study end-to-end loss-concealment schemes for ensuring high quality in playback. We propose a novel multiple description-coding method for concealing packet losses in transmitting low bit rate-coded speech. Based on high correlations observed in linear predictor parameters-in the form of Line Spectral Pairs (LSPs)-of adjacent frames, we generate multiple descriptions in senders by interleaving LSPs, and reconstruct lost LSPs in receivers by linear interpolations. As excitation codewords have low correlations, we further enlarge the segment size for excitation generation and replicate excitation codewords in all the descriptions in order to maintain the same transmission bandwidth. Our proposed scheme can be extended easily to more than two descriptions and can adapt its number of descriptions dynamically to network-loss conditions. Experimental results on FS-1016 CELP, ITU G.723.1, and FS MELP coders show good performance of our scheme.
7EEEAF03	Voice over IP (VoIP) applications can choose a plethora of different speech codecs, which differ in bandwidth, listening speech quality, and resilience to quality degradation under packet loss. However, VoIP Codecs also exhibit differences in facets such as computational complexity or traffic generated that impact on the energy consumption of smartphones due to the use of processor.In this work deals with the study of energy consumption differences among VoIP codecs. We compare the execution time required to encode/decode reference conversations. Our results show that computational complexity has a significant impact on battery consumption (a factor of up to 10 was found between different codecs). Based on our results, we provide a ranking of energy efficiency. We also propose a simple algorithm for codec dynamic selection considering the dimensions of quality, energy and bandwidth. Our algorithm reacts to network conditions choosing the codec that provides less battery consumption constrained to user-defined targets for minimum quality and maximum codec bitrate.
800A2FE1	The paper presents a method to improve the recovery of a speech decoder after the reception of one or several late frames. Rather than considering a late frame as "lost", we propose to use it in order to update the internal state of the decoder. This limits, and, in some cases, stops, the error propagation caused by the concealment. Evaluation results show that there is much to be gained in a voice over IP environment, where late frames can be used to improve the robustness against jitter without increasing the overall end-to-end delay.
025B47E4	This paper presents the first formal framework for identifying and filtering SPIT calls (SPam in Internet Telephony) in an outbound scenario with provable optimal performance. In so doing, our work deviates from related earlier work where this problem is only addressed by ad-hoc solutions. Our goal is to rigorously formalize the problem in terms of mathematical decision theory, find the optimal solution to the problem, and derive concrete bounds for its expected loss (number of mistakes the SPIT filter will make in the worst case). This goal is achieved by considering a scenario amenable to theoretical analysis, namely SPIT detection in an outbound scenario with pure sources. Our methodology is to first define the cost of making an error, apply Wald’s sequential probability ratio test, and then determine analytically error probabilities such that the resulting expected loss is minimized. The benefits of our approach are: (1) the method is optimal (in a sense defined in the paper); (2) the method does not rely on manual tuning and tweaking of parameters but is completely self-contained and mathematically justified; (3) the method is computationally simple and scalable. These are desirable features that would make our method a component of choice in larger, autonomic frameworks.
7A5925AC	This paper presents the design and the implementation of Elliptic Curve Cryptography in an Asterisk VoIP server which serves as an exchange for placing voice calls over the internet. Voice over internet protocol refers to the transmission of speech encoded into data packets transmitted across networks. VoIP networks are prone to confidentiality threats due to the weak keys used by the AES algorithm for encryption of the VoIP packets. So, in order to strengthen the key for encryption/decryption, Elliptic Curve Diffie-Hellman (ECDH) Algorithm key agreement scheme is employed with smaller key sizes resulting in faster computations. The elliptic curve used in this paper is a modified NIST P-256 curve and key generation algorithm using split exponents for fast exponentiation has been implemented to speed up and increase the randomness of key generation. The implementation of split exponents also help in increasing the security of the keys generated. The key generated by ECDH is highly secure because the discrete logarithmic problem is very difficult in this scheme. This Method is successfully carrying out voice calls on VoIP clients connected to the internet. This ECDH key exchanging mechanism for voice calls in real time is implemented on an Asterisk PBX (Private Branch eXchange), using AGI(Asterisk Gateway Interface) server.