7DFB72A7	The main goal of this paper is to describe and validate a specific hybrid dynamical model for NASA’s Recoverable Computer System subjected to simulated random upsets. The system is in closed-loop with a Boeing 737 simulation model which is flying at cruising altitude. The validation is based on a controlled experiment where the computer upsets are injected into the system at a desired rate, and the effects on the output tracking performance of a simulated aircraft are directly observed and quantified. The hybrid model consists of a jump-linear system driven by a finite-state machine with a Markov input. The jump-linear system models the switched dynamics of the closed-loop due to the presence of controller recoveries, the finite-state machine models the recovery logic, and the Markov input acts as an upset generator. Stability analysis is performed on the hybrid model using existing techniques. The paper supplies the additional performance theory for analyzing the tracking error mean output power. The results are compared against experimental data, showing good agreement.
8119272D	For cooperative force-reflecting teleoperation over networks, conventional passivity-based approaches have limited applicability due to nonpassive slave–slave interactions and irregular communication delays imposed by networks. In this paper, a small gain framework for stability analysis design of cooperative network-based force reflecting teleoperator systems is developed. The framework is based on a version of weak input-to-output practical stability (WIOPS) nonlinear small gain theorem that is applicable to stability analysis of large-scale network-based interconnections. Based on this result, we design a cooperative force-reflecting teleoperator system which is guaranteed to be stable in the presence of multiple network-induced communication constraints by appropriate adjustment of local control gains and/or force-reflection gains. Experimental results are presented that confirm the validity of the proposed approach.
800171EF	A finite element (FE) analysis of the field test excavation in Welland Clay is performed using an anisotropic soil behavior model. This paper describes the model, FE formulation, and transient effective stress stability analysis, and compares FE results with the field measurements. The analysis reflects the postexcavation decrease in the factor of safety with time and predicts the failure of the slope along the observed failure surface. The parametric study shows that the time to failure is a function of the pore pressure boundary conditions at the excavation surface and affects the transient factor of safety. Key words: constitutive relations, excavations, finite element, plasticity models, pore pressure, soil anisotropy, stability.
7D0A41E4	Numerical methods used for solving differential equations should be chosen with great care. Not considering numerical aspects such as stability, consistency and wellposed-ness results in erroneous solutions, which in turn will result in incorrect judgments. One of the most important aspects that should be considered is the stability of the numerical method. In this paper, we discuss stability problems of some of the so far proposed finite difference methods for solving the anisotropic diffusion equation, a second order parabolic equation. This equation is used in a variety of applications in physics and image processing. Here, we focus on its usage in formulating brain tumor growth using the Diffusion Weighted Imaging (DWI) technique. Our study shows that the commonly used chain rule method to discretize the diffusion equation is unstable. We propose a new 3D stable discretization method with its stability conditions to solve the diffusion equation. The new method uses directional discretization and forward differences. We also extend standard discretization method to 3D. The theoretical and practical comparisons of the three methods both on synthetic and real patient data show that while chain rule model is always unstable and standard discretization is unstable in theory, our proposed directional discretization is stable both in theory and practice.
7EF7F8EF	This paper presents a method of designing a modified repetitive control system (MRCS) based on a two-dimensional (2D) continuous-discrete hybrid model. First, a 2D continuous-discrete hybrid model of MRCS is established. Next, the design of the feedback controller of the MRCS is converted to the stabilization problem of the 2D hybrid system with a static-state feedback. Then, by using a 2D Lyapunov method, a sufficient stability condition for the 2D hybrid system is derived in terms of a linear matrix inequality. Furthermore, the result is extended to handle a plant with a time-varying uncertainty. These conditions can be used to obtain the parameters of a feedback controller and a low-pass filter in the MRCS. The validity of the method is demonstrated by numerical examples.
7E62BB1F	This paper provides new LMI-based conditions for the design of H2 gain scheduled controllers for rational linear parameter varying systems (LPV). Such systems are equivalently recast as affine descriptor LPV systems. Based on this, new sufficient LMI-based conditions for H2 performance analysis are proposed. These conditions can be turned to a finite set of LMIs and allow the use of parameter-dependent Lyapunov functions. Accordingly, new LMI conditions for the H2 gain scheduled controller synthesis problem are given. A numerical example highlights the effectiveness of the proposed conditions.
7C28A993	We investigate the problem of stabilizing energy level sets for Euler-Lagrange systems subject to virtual holonomic constraints. We present an energy level set stabilization technique with a guaranteed domain of attraction which preserves the invariance of the constraint manifold. As an illustration of the theory, we present a controller which swings up the Pendubot system while guaranteeing that the unactuated link does not fall over during transient.
76F43CE7	In this work a tachyonization of the ΛCDM model for a spatially flat Friedmann-Robertson-Walker space-time is proposed. A tachyon field and a cosmological constant are considered as the sources of the gravitational field. Starting from a stability analysis and from the exact solutions for a standard tachyon field driven by a given potential, the search for a large set of cosmological models which contain the ΛCDM model is investigated. By the use of internal transformations two new kinds of tachyon fields are derived from the standard tachyon field, namely, a complementary and a phantom tachyon fields. Numerical solutions for the three kinds of tachyon fields are determined and it is shown that the standard and complementary tachyon fields reproduces the CDM model as a limiting case. The standard tachyon field can also describe a transition from an accelerated to a decelerated regime, behaving as an inflaton field at early times and as a matter field at late times. The complementary tachyon field always behaves as a matter field. The phantom tachyon field is characterized by a rapid expansion where its energy density increases with time. 
76C7F9B8	A single-channel blind dereverberation algorithm is proposed in this letter for distant-talking speech recognition. The proposed method is based on spectral subtraction (SS) method, in which the spectrum of a late reverberant signal is estimated using a delayed and attenuated version of the reverberant signal. Through some assumptions, the conventional SS method regards the attenuation weight as a constant that is a function of reverberation time. However, these assumptions are not valid in real situations, and the ideal weight varies with the frame. Therefore, in the proposed method, the variable weight sequence is estimated using Viterbi decoding scheme based on the reverberation model. This weight sequence is then substituted for the fixed weight in the conventional SS method without explicitly estimating the reverberation time. The proposed method performs better than the conventional SS method in both isolated word recognition and connected digit recognition experiments in reverberant environments.
765F037A	XML is an extremely nifty format. Computers can easily parse XML data, yet humans can also understand it. By adopting XML, we can take advantage of the scores of tools that work on arbitrary XML documents. Common tasks like editing, validation, transformations, and queries become just a matter of selecting and applying the right tool.
801597A0	The REMOS (REverberation MOdeling for Speech recognition) concept for reverberation-robust distant-talking speech recognition, introduced in “Distant-talking continuous speech recognition based on a novel reverberation model in the feature domain” (A. Sehr , in Proc. Interspeech, 2006, pp. 769-772) for melspectral features, is extended to logarithmic melspectral (logmelspec) features in this contribution. Thus, the favorable properties of REMOS, including its high flexibility with respect to changing reverberation conditions, become available in the more competitive logmelspec domain. Based on a combined acoustic model consisting of a hidden Markov model (HMM) network and a reverberation model (RM), REMOS determines clean-speech and reverberation estimates during recognition. Therefore, in each iteration of a modified Viterbi algorithm, an inner optimization operation maximizes the joint density of the current HMM output and the RM output subject to the constraint that their combination is equal to the current reverberant observation. Since the combination operation in the logmelspec domain is nonlinear, numerical methods appear necessary for solving the constrained inner optimization problem. A novel reformulation of the constraint, which allows for an efficient solution by nonlinear optimization algorithms, is derived in this paper so that a practicable implementation of REMOS for logmelspec features becomes possible. An in-depth analysis of this REMOS implementation investigates the statistical properties of its reverberation estimates and thus derives possibilities for further improving the performance of REMOS. Connected digit recognition experiments show that the proposed REMOS version in the logmelspec domain significantly outperforms the melspec version. While the proposed RMs with parameters estimated by straightforward training for a given room are robust to a mismatch of the speaker-microphone distance, their performance significantly decreases if they are used in a room with substantially different conditions. However, by training multi-style RMs with data from several rooms, good performance can be achieved across different rooms.	
7D8AF82F	Automatic speech recognition (ASR) in reverberant environments is a challenging task. Most dereverberation techniques address this problem through signal processing and enhances the reverberant waveform independent from the speech recognizer. In this paper, we propose a novel scheme to perform dereverberation in relation with the likelihood of the back-end ASR system. Our proposed approach effectively selects the dereverberation parameters, in the form of multiband scale factors, so that they improve the likelihood of the acoustic model. Then, the acoustic model is retrained using the optimal parameters. During the recognition phase, we implement additional optimization of the parameters. By using Gaussian mixture model (GMM), the process for selecting the scale factors become efficient. Moreover, we remove the dependency of the adopted dereverberation technique on the room impulse response (RIR) measurement, by using an artificial RIR generator and selecting based on the acoustic likelihood. Experimental results show significant improvement in recognition performance with the proposed method over the conventional approach.	
7F5E409B	Distant acquisition of acoustic signals in an enclosed space often produces reverberant components due to acoustic reflections in the room. Speech dereverberation is in general desirable when the signal is acquired through distant microphones in such applications as hands-free speech recognition, teleconferencing, and meeting recording. This paper proposes a new speech dereverberation approach based on a statistical speech model. A time-varying Gaussian source model (TVGSM) is introduced as a model that represents the dynamic short time characteristics of nonreverberant speech segments, including the time and frequency structures of the speech spectrum. With this model, dereverberation of the speech signal is formulated as a maximum-likelihood (ML) problem based on multichannel linear prediction, in which the speech signal is recovered by transforming the observed signal into one that is probabilistically more like nonreverberant speech. We first present a general ML solution based on TVGSM, and derive several dereverberation algorithms based on various source models. Specifically, we present a source model consisting of a finite number of states, each of which is manifested by a short time speech spectrum, defined by a corresponding autocorrelation (AC) vector. The dereverberation algorithm based on this model involves a finite collection of spectral patterns that form a codebook. We confirm experimentally that both the time and frequency characteristics represented in the source models are very important for speech dereverberation, and that the prior knowledge represented by the codebook allows us to further improve the dereverberated speech quality. We also confirm that the quality of reverberant speech signals can be greatly improved in terms of the spectral shape and energy time-pattern distortions from simply a short speech signal using a speaker-independent codebook.	
7EF3FC6E	In this paper, the static noise margin (SNM) of FinFET static random access memory (SRAM) cells operating in the subthreshold region was investigated using an analytical solution of 3-D Poisson's equation. An analytical SNM model for subthreshold FinFET SRAM was demonstrated and validated by 3-D technology computer-aided design (TCAD) mixed-mode simulations. When compared with bulk SRAM, the standard 6T FinFET cell showed larger nominal READ SNM (RSNM), better variability immunity, and lesser temperature sensitivity of cell stability. Furthermore, examination of the stabilities of several novel independently controlled gate FinFET SRAM cells by using the proposed SNM model showed significant nominal RSNM improvements in these novel cells. However, the write ability is found to be degraded, which thus becomes an important concern for certain configurations in the subthreshold region. The result obtained indicates that the READ/WRITE word line voltage control technique is more effective than transistor sizing in improving the stability and write ability of the FinFET subthreshold SRAM. Furthermore, the impacts of process-induced variations on cell stability were also assessed. When compared with RSNM, it was found that WRITE SNM is more susceptible to process variations. While 6T is not a viable candidate for subthreshold SRAM, and 8T/10T cells must be used in bulk CMOS, the present analysis established the potential of 6T FinFET cells for subthreshold SRAM applications.
8004D3FA	nternal model control (IMC) is a well-known and effective control scheme. However, when unstable processes are concerned, the original IMC structure cannot be directly used for control system implementation. In this paper, a new scheme called partial internal model control (PIMC) is proposed, which is capable of controlling both stable and unstable processes. In PIMC, a process model is expressed as the sum of the stable and antistable parts and only the stable part of the process model is used as the internal model. The process stable part is canceled by the internal model and the remaining antistable part is stabilized and controlled with a primary controller, which is usually a PID-type regulator when the antistable part is of a low order. Various properties of a PIMC system such as internal stability and robust stability are analyzed. The design of PIMC is discussed in detail. Various simulation examples are included for illustration and a real-time implementation on a motor system is presented.
7752272C	Improvising on the ideas of Leslie and Gower as well as Holling and Tanner, a new prey-predator model that yields solutions processing either stable limit cycle or stable equilibrium is presented. Certain additional positive features of the model are pointed out. A stability analysis of the equilibrium point is also carried out.
7612EFDC	Magnetic and structural properties of multilayer FeSiN/ceramic films produced by dual-type sputtering were investigated. Laminating of FeSiN with ceramic layers enhanced not only the frequency response of the permeability μ, but also the value of μ. These soft magnetic properties of as-deposited films were found to be strongly related to the substrate temperature Tsub, but were independent of the kind of ceramic used. Multilayered FeSiN/AIN films deposited at Tsub=300°C exhibited a large μ (at 5 MHz) of about 5,000 and a saturation induction Bs of more than 17 kG. SEM observation suggested that the soft magnetic properties of FeSiN-base multilayers arise from the decrease in magnetic anisotropy of the assembly of magnetically interacting small grains, and also from the (111) plane orientation of the grains. Most multilayered films exhibited greater thermal resistance to aging up to 600°C, because the ceramic layers prevent the growth of  grains.
779626F1	In this paper, we present a method in suppressing speech degradation affecting human-robot communication in real reverberant environment condition. The novelty of the proposed method is the mechanism to indirectly incorporate language information in the enhancement process. This is achieved by considering the effects of the acoustic energy transfer of two consecutive words. The proposed method is categorized into two namely, a one-time computation of the smearing coefficients (offline mode) and the actual enhancement (online mode). In the offline mode, word pair smearing coefficients reflective of the inter-word energy transfer within a word pair are calculated and stored, creating a pool of smearing priors database. Then, the online robust enhancement process integrates this information to the conventional framewise enhancement method. In theory, the proposed method outperforms the conventional framewise-only enhancement since it is able to dynamically update the enhancement parameters based on the actual acoustic energy transfer between successive words during testing. Experiments using a humanoid robot inside a reverberant room confirms the effectiveness of the proposed method. Our method renders human-robot speech communication robust to the effect of reverberation as opposed to the conventional method.	
63413671	A three-dimensional finite difference transport model appropriate for the coastal environment is developed for the solution of the three-dimensional convection-diffusion equation. A higher order upwind scheme is used for the convective terms of the convection-diffusion equation, to minimize the numerical diffusion. The validity of the numerical model is verified through a test problem, whose exact solutions are known.
77E84575	For cooperative force-reflecting teleoperation over networks, conventional passivity-based approaches have limited applicability due to nonpassive slave–slave interactions and irregular communication delays imposed by networks. In this paper, a small gain framework for stability analysis design of cooperative network-based force reflecting teleoperator systems is developed. The framework is based on a version of weak input-to-output practical stability (WIOPS) nonlinear small gain theorem that is applicable to stability analysis of large-scale network-based interconnections. Based on this result, we design a cooperative force-reflecting teleoperator system which is guaranteed to be stable in the presence of multiple network-induced communication constraints by appropriate adjustment of local control gains and/or force-reflection gains. Experimental results are presented that confirm the validity of the proposed approach.
5D8F6C5F	We report on the stability analysis of the Rolling SLIP (R-SLIP) model, a sagittal-plane and point-mass model with a compliant leg and rolling ground contact. Owing to its asymmetric morphology, it has four different operation modes according to the range of the initial mass speed and leg configuration. Using the return map analysis, the asymmetric stability property of the R-SLIP model was investigated and compared with that of the SLIP model. The analysis results reveal that the R-SLIP model has better but more complicated stability characteristics than the SLIP model. The analysis results also suggest that the R-SLIP model operates better when it has a soft to hard stiffness change. In addition, the effect of the torsion spring position was also investigated.
032C4ECC	Fluid flow equations and their approximation by finite differences, including advection equations, compressible Euler equations, potential flow, and incompressible Navier-Stokes equations are introduced. Stability analysis of finite difference methods for initial boundary value problems is outlined. Finite element methods for simple steady flows and for unsteady flows are presented. Moving finite element methods are sketched.
7F371D2F	For polytopic matrices and polytopic systems we introduce the concept of diagonal stability with respect to a p-norm, 1 ≤ p ≤ ∞. We address both the discrete-time and the continuous-time cases. We prove the equivalence between this algebraic concept and the following properties of uncertain linear dynamics described by polytopic models: · the existence of diagonal Lyapunov functions defined by weighted p-norm; · the existence of contractive sets shaped by weighted p-norm, which are invariant with respect to the system trajectories. We also discuss the problem of the best rate for the Lyapunov function decrease and, respectively, for the invariant set contraction. A numerical procedure has been developed to support this exploration.
7E1BD1FB	This paper presents the application of black-box terminal characterization models (BBTC) for the simulation and analysis of distributed power electronics systems composed by commercial power electronics converters and filter modules. The models are shown to effectively predict the transient and steady state response of interconnected distributed power systems. They are also used to predict the small-signal stability between source and load converters. All simulation results are validated with experimental data.
2285CC00	This chapter focuses on the macroeconomic framework which guides the analyses of the book. We shall begin with an overview that describes how the major components of the framework relate to one another. The constraints (or ‘conservation laws’) that are imposed by the pool of fluid capital will then be discussed, followed by discussions of the determination of asset values and aggregate demand and aggregate supply. The chapter concludes with a description of the conditions which define macroeconomic equilibrium.
80970C93	In this paper, a five-dimensional vector-host epidemic model with temporary immunity is studied. Applying autonomous convergence theorem, the basic reproduction number is proved to be a sharp threshold which completely determines the global dynamics and the outcome of the disease. If the reproduction number is less than or equal to one, the disease-free equilibrium is globally asymptotically stable in the feasible region and the disease always dies out. If the reproduction number is greater than one, a unique endemic equilibrium is globally asymptotically stable in the interior of the feasible region and the disease will persist at the endemic equilibrium if it is initially present.
7E1541D0	This paper presents experimental results of formation control problems of omnidirectional mobile robots using distributed nonlinear model predictive control (NMPC). Two main objectives are (i) to maintain a desired flexible formation pattern and (ii) to follow a reference path. Both pose errors and formation errors are included into a local objective function, which is minimized at each update time. In the formation control, the curvilinear abscissa s has been used as a coupling term with neighboring robots. The strategy in such a way that the exchange of the most recent optimal state trajectory between coupled subsystems has been employed. The distinct features of NMPC are that constraints can be explicitly accommodated, as well as nonlinear and time-varying systems can be easily handled. Experiments with three omnidirectional mobile robots are presented to illustrate the validity of our proposed method.
684788E1	This paper presents a knowledge-based system to interpret laser radar (ladar) images. The objective of this research is to detect and recognize man-made objects in outdoor scenes. Our system applies themultisensor fusion approach to multiple ladar modalities to improve both segmentation and interpretation. The segmentation modules are written in C. The knowledge-based interpretation system is constructed usingKEE and Lisp. Low-level attributes of image segments (regions) are computed by the segmentation modules and then converted to theKEE format. The interpretation system applies forward chaining in a bottom-up fashion to derive object-level interpretation from input generated by low-level processing and segmentation modules. The interpretation modules detect man-made objects from the background using low-level attributes. Segments are grouped into objects, which are then classified into predefined categories (vehicles, ground, etc.). The efficiency of the interpretation system is enhanced by transferring nonsymbolic processing tasks to a concurrent service manager (program). Experimental results using ladar data are presented.
7D790564	This paper addresses blind dereverberation techniques based on the inherent characteristics of speech signals. Two challenging issues for speech dereverberation involve decomposing reverberant observed signals into colored sources and room transfer functions (RTFs), and making the inverse filtering robust as regards acoustic and system noise. We show that short-time speech characteristics are very important for this task, and that multi-channel linear prediction (MCLP) is a useful tool for achieving robust inverse filtering. As examples, we detail three recently proposed robust dereverberation methods. By assuming the source to be a small order autoregressive process, we can present an efficient source estimation method that reduces late reverberation reflections of the reverberation using multi-step linear prediction. By exploiting the time-varying nature of the speech signals, we can also develop a method that can estimate both the source and the inverse filters of the RTFs. Furthermore, we can achieve high quality speech dereverberation by formulating the problem as a likelihood maximization problem using a statistical speech model that represents the spectral characteristics of short-time speech segments including harmonicity.	
7D2B0237	The repressilator is a regulatory cycle of n genes where each gene represses its successor in the cycle: [see text]. The system is modelled by ODEs for an arbitrary number of identical genes and arbitrarily strong repressor binding. A detailed mathematical analysis of the dynamical behavior is provided for two model systems: (i) a repressilator with leaky transcription and single-step cooperative repressor binding, and (ii) a repressilator with auto-activation and cooperative regulator binding. Genes are assumed to be present in constant amounts, transcription and translation are modelled by single-step kinetics, and mRNAs as well as proteins are assumed to be degraded by first order reactions. Several dynamical patterns are observed: multiple steady states, periodic and aperiodic oscillations corresponding to limit cycles and heteroclinic cycles, respectively. The results of computer simulations are complemented by a detailed and complete stability analysis of all equilibria and of the heteroclinic cycle.
7C68239C	Within the framework of ecological systems analysis, the potential of niche formation plays an essential role, particularly in relation to the conditions of permanence or extinction of individual species. In this realm the model developed by Greve [Helgoländer Meeresuntersuchungen 49, (1995) 811–820] in his study of possibilities of predicting marine populations represents an interesting approach. This model, which consists of a system of coupled differential equations applies an age differentiation with complex relations between the populations. The purpose of this paper is to perform a qualitative analysis of this model. The main questions are the conditions of extinction, boundedness and permanence as well as the conditions of the existence and uniqueness of stationary solutions. Our analysis provides both a notion of the model's behaviour and a mathematical evaluation of this model. The preliminary results are positive and encouraging.
78325576	The infinite-range ferromagnetic Ashkin-Teller model is examined. The phase diagram as well as the order of the transitions are obtained from the stability analysis of the solutions of the stationary conditions for the free-energy functional. The equations for the free energy, magnetizations, specific heat, and susceptibility are discussed and solved numerically for special values of the coupling strengths.
7CBCE1D4	The transition to convection in the Rayleigh-Bénard problem at small Knudsen numbers is studied via a linear temporal stability analysis of the compressible ``slip-flow'' problem. Considering a power-law (variable hard-sphere) model of interaction our analysis indicates that for sufficiently large Froude numbers softer potentials result in less unstable systems. At small Froude numbers this trend is reversed, i.e., the softer interaction potentials correspond to a more unstable response. These results are discussed in terms of the opposing mechanisms of thermal expansion and compressibility. We carry out an asymptotic expansion for small temperature differences and establish the principle of exchange of stabilities for this limit. A singularity appears in this limit when compressibility effects are dominant.
5A4C26A5	It is shown that in a certain range of physical parameters a proper choice of the artificial viscosity parameters can lead to double-mode pulsation of RR Lyrae models. Here we present one such model and exhibit its double-mode behavior both through the stability analysis of the periodic limit cycles and through straightforward numerical integrations.
774D2E7B	In this paper, we consider hysteresis problem which is nonsmooth, nonlinear, and resided in piezoelectric actuators (PEA). A new discrete-time hysteretic model is introduced which is inspired by the famous Bouc-Wen model. We try to fuse the new model with the adaptive control techniques, where the unknown parameters in the model are not needed to be identified. The control algorithm guarantees the stability of system. Experimental results verify the effectiveness of the new model and the proposed algorithm.
7E5AC86C	We study the stability of coupled oscillators motivated by the Frenkel-Kontorova (FK) model. The FK model describes a chain of classical particles coupled to their neighbors and subject to a periodic on-site potential. The open-loop system of the FK model represents interconnected oscillators that have locally stable or unstable equilibrium points. We reveal the stability of the coupled system in the presence of linear and nonlinear particle interactions, respectively, and verify the results by numerical simulations. The result applies to physical systems such as atomic-scale friction whose dynamics is described by the FK model.
7E21FF68	This paper introduces speech dereverberation based on a time-varying Gaussian source model (GSM) and investigates its behavior to provide a better perspective on solving the dereverberation problem. GSM is a generalization of the autocorrelation codebook (ACC) that has recently been shown to enable us to achieve high quality speech dereverberation with only a few seconds' observation. Based on GSM, the speech dereverberation is formulated as a likelihood maximization problem with multi-channel linear prediction, where the reverberant speech signal is transformed into one that is probabilistically more like clean speech. For investigation purposes, the autocorrelation matrix of the GSM is first decomposed into energy, vocal tract filter, and excitation signal features by adopting an autoregressive GSM (ARGSM), and then analyzed based on experiments. They reveal that the energy feature in the models plays a major role in reducing the reverberation components. It is also shown that the other spectral features in the models further contribute to the recovery of the short-time characteristics of the dereverberated signals.
8169EC25	Stability analysis of a fuzzy control system has been one of the main topics of fuzzy control. A Petri net, representing a discretized fuzzy control system, has been applied to the stability analysis. A theory of asymptotic stability has been derived for the approximated control system. However, this theory guarantees the stability of nominal behavior of a fuzzy control system. This paper presents a new stability analysis of a fuzzy control system using a generalized fuzzy Petri net model. The rigorous behavior of the fuzzy system can be analyzed by the generalized model. Neural network realization of the Petri net model for the stability analysis is also given.