8091D53F	A new modeling framework is introduced for the analytical study of medium access control (MAC) protocols operating in multihop ad hoc networks. The model takes into account the effect of physical-layer parameters on the success of transmissions, the MAC protocol on the likelihood that nodes can access the channnel, and the connectivity of nodes in the network. A key feature of the model is that nodes can be modeled individually, i.e., it allows a per-node setup of many layer-specific parameters. Moreover, no spatial probability distribution or a particular arrangement of nodes is assumed; the model allows the computation of individual (per-node) performance metrics for any given network topology and radio channel model. To show the applicability of the modeling framework, we model multihop ad hoc networks using the IEEE 802.11 distributed coordination function and validate the results from the model with discrete-event simulations in Qualnet. The results show that our model predicts results that are very close to those attained by simulations, and requires seconds to complete compared to several hours of simulation time.
7858F0C0	The IEEE 802.11 wireless media access standard supports multiple data rates at the physical layer. Moreover, various auto rate adaptation mechanisms at the medium access layer have been proposed to utilize this multi-rate capability by automatically adapting the transmission rate to best match the channel conditions. In this paper, we introduce the Opportunistic Auto Rate (OAR) protocol to better exploit durations of high-quality channels conditions. The key mechanism of the OAR protocol is to opportunistically send multiple back-to-back data packets whenever the channel quality is good. As channel coherence times typically exceed multiple packet transmission times for both mobile and non-mobile users, OAR achieves significant throughput gains as compared to state-of-the-art auto-rate adaptation mechanisms. Moreover, over longer time scales, OAR ensures that all nodes are granted channel access for the same time-shares as achieved by single-rate IEEE 802.11. We describe mechanisms to implement OAR on top of any existing auto-rate adaptation scheme in a nearly IEEE 802.11 compliant manner. We also analytically study OAR and characterize the gains in throughput as a function of the channel conditions. Finally, we perform an extensive set of ns-2 simulations to study the impact of such factors as node velocity, channel conditions, and topology on the throughput of OAR.
7ED2DC68	The potential for collaborative, robust networks of microsensors has attracted a great deal of research attention. For the most part, this is due to the compelling applications that will be enabled once wireless microsensor networks are in place; location-sensing, environmental sensing, medical monitoring and similar applications are all gaining interest. However, wireless microsensor networks pose numerous design challenges. For applications requiring long-term, robust sensing, such as military reconnaissance, one important challenge is to design sensor networks that have long system lifetimes. This challenge is especially difficult due to the energy-constrained nature of the devices. In order to design networks that have extremely long lifetimes, we propose a physical layer driven approach to designing protocols and algorithms. We first present a hardware model for our wireless sensor node and then introduce the design of physical layer aware protocols, algorithms, and applications that minimize energy consumption of the system. Our approach prescribes methods that can be used at all levels of the hierarchy to take advantage of the underlying hardware. We also show how to reduce energy consumption of non-ideal hardware through physical layer aware algorithms and protocols.
7F429BAA	Due to the spectrum gap between subcarriers in an UWB-OFDM system, an N-tone sigma-delta modulator can be used to introduce appropriately placed nulls into the noise spectrum of such systems. The resulting performance is evaluated in terms of in-band quantization noise and excess resolution gained. Moreover, we relate the performance of our system to that of a traditional oversampled sigma-delta modulator operating in a lowpass system. A higher-order N-tone sigma-delta modulator having better noise shaping ability is also introduced for use in UWB-OFDM systems
8098D85E	CN4011A is IEEE 1394a_2000 standard compliant physical layer ASIC. It is a 0.18 /spl mu/m mixed-signal ASIC incorporating three analog ports, PLL, reference generator for analog along with the digital control logic. The whole ASIC from specification to GDSII including analog was designed at Controlnet (1) Pvt. Ltd. CN4011A has three 1394a_2000 fully compliant ports that support data transfers at 100/200/400 Mbps. It supports repeating of data over all ports other then receiving port. It is interoperable with other 1394a_2000 compliant physical layers and fully compliant with 1394a_2000 link layer and OHCI. The ASIC operates on a single 24.576 MHz external crystal oscillator. The internal PLL generates 400 MHz clock. This clock is divided to get the clocks required for the internal logic and to transmit and receive data at 100/200/400 Mbps over the serial interface and over the link interface.
7E0B6053	This paper presents the performance evaluation and analysis at the physical layer of a peer-to-peer communication system based on IEEE 802.11g. This system is associated to a basic communications system, identifying source, channel and receiver. An Ad-hoc network is described, test scenarios and parameters are defined in order to evaluate the performance, finally we show the results of the different tests obtained from the system implementation in the 2.4 GHz ISM (Industrial, Scientific and Medical) band in real scenarios and its behavior against interference.
813FF46C	This paper describes the concept of sensor networks which has been made viable by the convergence of micro-electro-mechanical systems technology, wireless communications and digital electronics. First, the sensing tasks and the potential sensor networks applications are explored, and a review of factors influencing the design of sensor networks is provided. Then, the communication architecture for sensor networks is outlined, and the algorithms and protocols developed for each layer in the literature are explored. Open research issues for the realization of sensor networks are also discussed.
79EBFACE	Enhanced Distributed Channel Access (EDCA) is a mandatory part of the IEEE 802.11e standard which provides Medium Access Control (MAC) layer solution for Quality of Service (QoS) provisioning in Wireless Local Area Networks (WLANs). It is a contention based protocol which prioritizes channel access to QoS traffic using four Access Categories (ACs). In this paper, we introduce the performance evaluation of high priority Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) traffic over EDCA in multi-rate WLAN. In a multi-rate environment, the channel physical transmission rate is changed by the Access Point (AP) as the stations move towards or away from the AP. The AP performs rate adaptation on each frame according to the channel condition or signal quality that the frame is likely to experience when stations are considered mobile. We implement EDCA at the MAC layer over the physical layer of IEEE 802.11b radios using the network modeling and simulation tool QualNet. We simulate multiple VoIP nodes in a single QoS-enabled Basic Service Set (QBSS) with one QoS-enabled AP (QAP). The performance of each VoIP node is evaluated with three VoIP codecs. We first use codecs without jitter buffer and evaluate jitter with other performance parameters. The simulations are repeated for different codecs with jitter buffer. The effect of jitter buffer on Jitter, Delay and Mean Opinion Score (MOS) for each VoIP node is compared with other codecs in stationary and mobile environments. Simulation results show the effectiveness of using jitter buffer and its limitations in a multi-rate environment.
80514545	We present a model that predicts the saturated single-hop performance of IEEE 802.11 ad hoc network in the face of the physical capture effect under a block-fading Rayleigh channel. Based on an estimate of the frame delivery rate and a fixed point iteration algorithm, we devise an efficient control on the rate of convergence and a wise selection of the interferer sets that significantly affect the final results, so as to overcome the explosive time complexity of the iteration algorithm. These enhancements achieve up to two orders of magnitude speedup for large ad hoc networks with minimal and controllable prediction error, so that large scale Monte Carlo experiments for various distributions are made possible.
7D7987B7	The IEEE 802.11 OFDM physical layer was designed primarily for indoor local area networks. Commercially available 802.11 radios suffer greatly reduced performance, even failing completely, when deployed outdoors, where long delay spreads cause self-interference, and vehicular mobility causes fast variations in the radio channel parameters. This article describes an advanced OFDM receiver that overcomes these problems. It works by combining all useful received energy, accounting for inter-symbol interference, and accurately tracking radio channel variations. Complexity and performance advantages arc gained by splitting the processing between the time and frequency domains. Computer simulations show that even for outdoor urban environments at speeds greater than 140 mph, this receiver delivers performance comparable to a non-mobile, indoor system.
7FB8D4D2	We propose decentralized cognitive MAC protocols that allow secondary users to independently search for spectrum opportunities without a central coordinator or a dedicated communication channel. Recognizing hardware and energy constraints, we assume that a secondary user may not be able to perform full-spectrum sensing or may not be willing to monitor the spectrum when it has no data to transmit. We develop an analytical framework for opportunistic spectrum access based on the theory of partially observable Markov decision process (POMDP). This decision-theoretic approach integrates the design of spectrum access protocols at the MAC layer with spectrum sensing at the physical layer and traffic statistics determined by the application layer of the primary network. It also allows easy incorporation of spectrum sensing error and constraint on the probability of colliding with the primary users. Under this POMDP framework, we propose cognitive MAC protocols that optimize the performance of secondary users while limiting the interference perceived by primary users. A suboptimal strategy with reduced complexity yet comparable performance is developed. Without additional control message exchange between the secondary transmitter and receiver, the proposed decentralized protocols ensure synchronous hopping in the spectrum between the transmitter and the receiver in the presence of collisions and spectrum sensing errors
80E6A3A9	The IEEE has standardized the 802.11 protocol for wireless local area networks. The primary medium access control (MAC) technique of 802.11 is called the distributed coordination function (DCF). The DCF is a carrier sense multiple access with collision avoidance (CSMA/CA) scheme with binary slotted exponential backoff. This paper provides a simple, but nevertheless extremely accurate, analytical model to compute the 802.11 DCF throughput, in the assumption of finite number of terminals and ideal channel conditions. The proposed analysis applies to both the packet transmission schemes employed by DCF, namely, the basic access and the RTS/CTS access mechanisms. In addition, it also applies to a combination of the two schemes, in which packets longer than a given threshold are transmitted according to the RTS/CTS mechanism. By means of the proposed model, we provide an extensive throughput performance evaluation of both access mechanisms of the 802.11 protocol.
7B2E3C69	This letter, proposes and experimentally demonstrates an all-optical physical layer negative acknowledgment (AO-NACK) technique to handle contention in array waveguide grating router (AWGR)-based optical interconnects. By using back-propagation in AWGR, the packets experiencing contention are reflected back to the senders in the optical domain to serve as a physical layer negative acknowledgement to trigger the retransmission. A host-switch distance of ≈ 20 m and a packet length of 204.8 ns are used in this proof-of-principle demonstration. Notification of AO-NACKs messages and successful packet retransmission and switching is demonstrated with error-free operation at 10 and 40 Gb/s.
7D5F5469	In this paper the robustness of the physical layer signaling in the new DVB-T2 (second generation terrestrial digital video broadcasting) system is studied and compared to corresponding robustness of data path with help of computer simulations. The robustness is studied in both static and mobile transmission channels.
8017FC6D	Terrestrial or Handheld Digital Video Broadcasting (DVB-T/H) and Terrestrial Digital Multimedia Broadcasting (T-DMB) are two popular broadcasting standards that enable digital television transmissions to handheld receivers. This paper presents a comprehensive performance comparison between the physical layers of DVB-T/H and T-DMB when employed for mobile communications. By exploiting a recently proposed fast simulation model, we assess the BER of the two coded OFDM systems in several realistic scenarios, taking into account Rayleigh and Rice channels, different mobile speeds, inner and outer channel coding, channel estimation, and one or two receive antennas. Our comparison shows that the DVB-T/H physical layer performance highly depends on the delay spread of the channel, whereas T-DMB is less sensitive to the frequency selectivity of the channel. As a result, DVB-T/H yields better performance than T-DMB in typical Rayleigh channels with significant delay spread. On the contrary, at high SNR, T-DMB outperforms DVB-T/H in Rice channels with low delay spread. As a side result, we show the performance improvement of DVB-H produced by MPE-FEC at the data link layer.
80C20C54	DVB-H is a new broadcasting standard, which offers reliable high data rate reception of IP packets for mobile handheld battery-powered devices. A link layer with multiprotocol encapsulation (MPE), including Reed-Solomon forward error correction (FEC) combined with a cyclic redundancy check (CRC), is defined in the standard to work on top of the DVB-T physical layer. For error correction in the receiver the DVB-H standard suggests to use erasure decoding based on the CRC information. Yet, the decoding method is not strictly determined in the standard. This paper investigates the performance of five different Reed-Solomon decoding schemes for the DVB-H link layer forward error correction called MPE-FEC. They differ on utilization strategy of existing erasure information. The performance of different decoding methods are evaluated analytically in an binary symmetric channel (BSC) and with simulations in the additive white Gaussian noise (AWGN) and a mobile fading channel. For the simulations in the fading channel a packet channel model based on actual measurements is designed. It is shown that more sophisticated decoding methods than the one suggested in the standard are required for efficient retrieval of IP packets
7FA6810E	This paper deals with cross-layer measurements for the efficient analysis of Digital Video Broadcasting-Terrestrial (DVB-T) system performance. In particular, valuable relationships between some cross-layer DVB-T system parameters are investigated through measurements conducted at the physical and application layers. Specifically, channel power, error vector magnitude, and modulation error ratio are assessed at the physical layer, whereas objective video quality indices are estimated at the application layer. To this aim, a number of real-life experiments are executed through a purposely developed testbed that enlists a suitable DVB-T transmission platform and real-life receivers. The ultimate goal is to highlight the importance of cross-layer measurements in the analysis and troubleshooting of DVB-T system operation and to show how to deduce from such measurements practical information and hints to be profitably used in the design and setup of any DVB-T broadcasting system.
786EFAD1	Transmit power and carrier sense threshold are key MAC/PHY parameters in carrier sense multiple access (CSMA) wireless networks. Transmit power control has been extensively studied in the context of topology control. However, the effect of carrier sense threshold on topology control has not been properly investigated in spite of its crucial role. Our key motivation is that the performance of a topology-controlled network may become worse than that of a network without any topology control unless carrier sense threshold is properly chosen. In order to remedy this deficiency of conventional topology control, we present a framework on how to incorporate physical carrier sense into topology control. We identify that joint control of transmit power and carrier sense threshold can be efficiently divided into topology control and carrier sense adaptation. We devise a distributed carrier sense update algorithm (DCUA), by which each node drives its carrier sense threshold toward a desirable operating point in a fully distributed manner. We derive a sufficient condition for the convergence of DCUA. To demonstrate the utility of integrating physical carrier sense into topology control, we equip a localized topology control algorithm, LMST, with the capability of DCUA. Simulation studies show that LMST-DCUA significantly outperforms LMST and the standard CSMA protocol.
7F988C6B	It is well known that IEEE 802.11 provides a physical layer multirate capability and, hence, MAC layer mechanisms are needed to exploit this capability. Several solutions have been proposed to achieve this goal. However, these solutions only consider how to exploit good channel quality for the direct link between the sender and the receiver. Since IEEE 802.11 supports multiple transmission rates in response to different channel conditions, data packets may be delivered faster through a relay node than through the direct link if the direct link has low quality and low rate. In this paper, we propose a novel MAC layer relay-enabled distributed coordination function (DCF) protocol, called rDCF, to further exploit the physical layer multirate capability. We design a protocol to assist the sender, the relay node, and the receiver to reach an agreement on which data rate to use and whether to transmit the data through a relay node. Considering various issues, such as, bandwidth utilization, channel errors, and security, we propose techniques to further improve the performance of rDCF. Simulation results show that rDCF can significantly reduce the packet delay, improve the system throughput, and alleviate the impact of channel errors on fairness
7DBC4C98	In this paper, we develop a physical/medium-access-control (PHY/MAC) cross-layer analytical model to investigate the throughput performance of the wireless local-area network (WLAN) in a lossy wireless environment. From the PHY-layer perspective, the developed model incorporates the effects of capture and directional antennas, while from the MAC-layer perspective, our approach takes into account the carrier-sense multiple access with collision-avoidance (CSMA/CA) MAC protocol and the effect of the backoff process in the IEEE 802.11 WLAN. We derive explicit analytical expressions for the frame outage and capture probabilities of a directional antenna system in the presence of shadowing and Rayleigh fading. Applying this analysis, we can model the interaction between the PHY and MAC layers more accurately for the infrastructure-based WLAN. The numerical results show that our analytical model can approach that attained by simulations. The proposed cross-layer analytical model not only provides insights into the PHY layer impacts on the throughput of the CSMA/CA MAC protocol but also indicates to how directional antennas can improve the CSMA/CA-based WLAN in terms of antenna beamwidth and the number of radio transceivers.
7D357751	In this paper, we report on the results of physical-layer multiple-input-multiple-output High-Speed Downlink Packet Access (HSDPA) throughput measurements. These measurements were carried out in two different environments: 1) an alpine valley and 2) a city. In addition to the standard compliant single- and two-transmit-antenna HSDPA schemes, we defined and measured a four-transmit-antenna HSDPA scheme to explore future enhancements of the standard. To analyze the implementation loss, we introduce the so-called achievable mutual information and compare it with the actually measured data throughput. We find that the measured data throughput is far from the optimal, leaving room for future receiver optimizations. Furthermore, we find that the achievable mutual information is far from the channel capacity. Thus, optimizations in the standard could further improve HSDPA performance.
7F7C1367	In this paper, different control channel (CC) implementations for multichannel medium access control (MAC) algorithms are compared and analyzed in the context of opportunistic spectrum access (OSA) as a function of spectrum-sensing performance and licensed user activity. The analysis is based on a discrete Markov chain model of a subset of representative multichannel OSA MAC classes that incorporates physical layer effects, such as spectrum sensing and fading. The analysis is complemented with extensive simulations. The major observations are given as follows: 1) When the CC is implemented through a dedicated channel, sharing such dedicated channel with the licensed user does not significantly decrease the throughput achieved by the OSA network when the data packet sizes are sufficiently large or the number of considered data channels is small. 2) Hopping OSA MACs, where the CC is spread over all channels, are less susceptible to licensed user activity than those with a dedicated CC (in terms of both average utilization and on/off times). 3) Scanning efficiency has a large impact on the achievable performance of licensed and OSA users for all analyzed protocols. 4) The multiple rendezvous MAC class, which has yet to be proposed in OSA literature, outperforms all the multichannel MAC designs analyzed in this paper.
7E9BEAFD	In this paper, we present two physical layer cooperative protocols for heterogeneous sensor networks. There is one cooperator near the transmitter and a second cooperator (as a relay) near the receiver. Although the focus is on heterogeneous sensor networks, the methods can be applied to homogeneous sensor networks as well. Analytical and simulation results show that, under an additive white Gaussian noise channel assumption for the links between the transmitter and its partner and between the receiver and its partner, the proposed protocols achieve a diversity order of three or four by using the amplify-and-forward cooperation strategy and maximal ratio combining in the receiver. In addition, the proposed methods outperform the noncooperative single-hop transmission in the clustered heterogeneous sensor network and save a considerable amount of energy relative to the noncooperative transmission.
8141530F	Multistage sensing is a novel concept that refers to a general class of spectrum sensing algorithms that divide the sensing process into a number of sequential stages. The number of sensing stages and the sensing technique per stage can be used to optimize the performance with respect to secondary user (SU) throughput and the collision probability between primary user (PU) and SU. So far, the impact of multistage sensing on network throughput and collision probability for a realistic network model has been relatively unexplored. Therefore, we present the first analytical framework that enables the performance evaluation of different multichannel multistage spectrum sensing algorithms for opportunistic spectrum access (OSA) networks. The contribution of this paper lies in studying the effect of the following parameters on performance: number of sensing stages, physical layer sensing techniques and durations per each stage, single and parallel channel sensing and access, number of available channels, PU and SU traffic, buffering of incoming SU traffic, and medium access control layer sensing algorithms. The analyzed performance metrics include the average SU throughput and the average collision probability between PU and SU. Our results show that when the probability of PU misdetection is constrained, the performance of multistage sensing is, in most cases, superior to the single-stage sensing counterpart. In addition, prolonged channel observation at the first stage of sensing considerably decreases the collision probability while keeping the throughput at an acceptable level. Finally, in realistic PU traffic scenarios, using two stages of sensing provides a good balance between SU throughput and collision probability while meeting successful detection constraints subjected by OSA communication.
8120A938	Cooperative diversity is a promising and practical technique for realizing spatial diversity through a virtual antenna array formed by multiple distributed antennas of different nodes. In this paper, we propose and evaluate a novel cooperative cross-layer medium access control (CC-MAC) protocol, which combines space-time coding and adaptive modulation at the physical layer and employs truncated automatic repeat request (ARQ) at the data-link layer. The transmitter's partner is selected in the previous hop, and the receiver invites a partner to participate in data reception in the current hop, and in this situation, a two-transmitter two-receiver model is constructed. Because distributed space-time coding is applied at the transmitting set (transmitter and its partner), cooperative diversity and coding gain can be obtained. Based on the instantaneous channel state measured at the receiver, an adaptive modulation scheme is adopted to improve the link throughput at the physical layer. In addition, the truncated ARQ scheme is employed to further enhance the throughput performance at the data-link layer. Furthermore, under different system models with or without the truncated ARQ scheme, performances of the average packet error rate (PER) and symbol error rate (SER) with multiple phase shift keying (M-PSK) modulation and multiple quadrature amplitude modulation (M-QAM) over Rayleigh fading channel are analyzed. Simulation results verify the correctness of the performance analysis and show that CC-MAC can significantly improve system throughput and energy efficiency compared with other transmission schemes.
7EFC6772	Advances in low-power and low-cost sensor networks have led to solutions mature enough for use in a broad range of applications varying from health monitoring to building surveillance. The development of those applications has been stimulated by the finalization of the IEEE 802.15.4 standard, which defines the medium access control (MAC) and physical layer for sensor networks. One of the MAC schemes proposed is slotted carrier sense multiple access with collision avoidance (CSMA/CA), and this paper analyzes whether this scheme meets the design constraints of those low-power and low-cost sensor networks. The paper provides a detailed analytical evaluation of its performance in a star topology network, for uplink and acknowledged uplink traffic. Both saturated and unsaturated periodic traffic scenarios are considered. The form of the analysis is similar to that of Bianchi for IEEE 802.11 DCF only in the use of a per user Markov model to capture the state of each user at each moment in time. The key assumptions to enable this important simplification and the coupling of the per user Markov models are however different, as a result of the very different designs of the 802.15.4 and 802.11 carrier sensing mechanisms. The performance predicted by the analytical model is very close to that obtained by simulation. Throughput and energy consumption analysis is then performed by using the model for a range of scenarios. Some design guidelines are derived to set the 802.15.4 parameters as function of the network requirements.
7DCE7A47	VVe present a unified analytical model for service differentiation in a broadband packet-switched wireless network (e.g., IEEE 802.16) with two types of traffic, namely, the quality-of-service (QoS)-sensitive traffic and the best-effort traffic. While fair scheduling is used to allocate radio resources between these two traffic types, connection admission control (CAC) is employed to limit the number of ongoing connections for QoS-sensitive users so that the performance requirements for the QoS-sensitive traffic can be satisfied. An analytical model is developed assuming a work conserving traffic scheduling in the radio link layer and it also considers multi-rate transmission at the physical layer. Both the packet-level and the connection-level performance measures are obtained. Finally, we apply the concept of utility to obtain user satisfaction as a function of the QoS measures obtained from the analytical model. An optimization formulation is also presented from which the near-optimal solutions for scheduling and CAC parameters can be obtained. The proposed analytical model would be useful for performance analysis and engineering of next-generation broadband wireless networks
810C99BE	The successful DVB standard has now evolved into the DVB-S2 standard, which promises to bring very significant capacity gains. The main DVB-S2 feature is its adaptive air interface, where coding and modulation techniques are varied flexibly to maximize performance and coverage. This article addresses the design of the entire DVB-S2 communication chain, considering practical algorithms for coding, modulation, predistortion, carrier and SNR estimation, frame synchronization, and data recovery. The design complexity is exacerbated by the fact that DVB-S2 foresees 28 different coding/modulation pairs, demanding specific optimization and variable frame length. The performance achieved considering all possible impairments is compared to the ideal performance achievable in the Gaussian channel in terms of integral degradation, which ranges from 0.4 to 2,5 dB in going from QPSK to 32-APSK.
7D59456C	Error control is of significant importance for wireless sensor networks (WSNs) because of their severe energy constraints and the low power communication requirements. In this paper, a cross-layer methodology for the analysis of error control schemes in WSNs is presented such that the effects of multi-hop routing and the broadcast nature of the wireless channel are investigated. More specifically, the cross-layer effects of routing, medium access, and physical layers are considered. This analysis enables a comprehensive comparison of forward error correction (FEC) codes, automatic repeat request (ARQ), and hybrid ARQ schemes in WSNs. The validation results show that the developed framework closely follows simulation results.
758DFA07	In this letter, a novel physical layer signaling transmission scheme is proposed, where the signaling information is conveyed by a pair of training sequences located in the odd and even subcarriers of an orthogonal frequency division multiplexing (OFDM) training symbol. At the receiver side, only a single correlator is required to detect the signaling information. Computer simulations verify the proposed signaling could outperform the S1 signaling and achieve similar robustness as the S2 signaling of the DVB-T2 standard.
80354C35	DVB-H, which is an amendment of DVB-T, offers reliable high data rate reception for mobile handheld and battery-powered devices. A link layer with error correction is defined to work on top of the DVB-T physical layer. The DVB-H standard suggests to use Reed-Solomon coding combined with cyclic redundancy check error detection as the link layer forward error correction. Drawbacks of the decoding solution have been recognized in previous research. This paper presents a novel algorithm for decapsulation and decoding at DVB-H link layer. The algorithm is based on information provided in the transport stream packet headers and requires no changes to the DVB-H standard.
7E50DCEF	This paper is concerned with a cross-layer design combining adaptive modulation and coding (AMC) at the physical layer with hybrid automatic repeat request (HARQ) at the data link layer (LL) based on the rate compatible convolutional codes. In order to satisfy the prescribed delay and packet error rate (PER) constraints at LL, as well as to maximize the spectral efficiency, we apply the type-II and type-III HARQ to the cross layer design framework. We have derived the closed-form expression of the PER and average spectral efficiency for the transmissions over Nakagami-m communication channel. Numerical results show that the application of the type-III HARQ could achieve the highest spectral efficiency and the lowest PER, but it is the most complex. The type-I HARQ has the lowest spectral efficiency and the highest PER, but it has the lowest complexity. Meanwhile the type-II HARQ has a compromise between them.
80A369F3	The frequency-hopping orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing (OFDM) proposal, known as multiband OFDM, is a strong contender for the physical layer IEEE standard for high-rate wireless personal area networks (WPANs) bused on ultra-wideband (UWB) transmission. In this paper we analyze the performance of the multiband OFDM proposal. To this end, we (a) study the channel model developed under IEEE 802.15 for UWB radio from a frequency-domain perspective suited for OFDM transmission, (b) develop and quantify the appropriate information-theoretic performance measures, (c) compare these measures with simulation results for multiband OFDM systems, and (d) consider the influence of practical, imperfect channel estimation on the performance.
0709851D	This paper provides an overview of the radio interface physical layer requirements of WIMAX. Worldwide Interoperability for Microwave Access was defined by the WIMAX Forum formed in 2001. WIMAX is defined in the IEEE 802.16 standard. Wireless MAN Standards-based technology enable the delivery of "last mile" wireless broadband access as an alternative to Cable and DSL. This paper then presents the implementation of the current WIMAX standards on a second generation flexible baseband processor. The implementation will be limited to the receiver chain blocks and will be entirely in ANSI C, written for a fixed point digital signal processor. The underlying assumption of this implementation is to avoid any hardware accelerators that would make the platform for the baseband processing become standard specific. The SB3500 is the second generation of SandBlaster-based low power, high performance System on a Chip (SoC) products developed to serve the Software Defined Radio (SDR) modem applications space. It is a multi-core device, containing 3 'SBX' DSP cores. The software implementation of WIMAX physical layer includes implantation of OFDM and receiver chain processing in ANSI C. The projected processing requirements of a WIMAX terminal on the SB3500 are presented with the expected number of cores needed for the data rates analyzed. The down-sampling filter used for the initial Synchronization and for the fine synchronization, FFT block, and Channel estimation for each reference symbol are included in this analysis. The specific architectural features of the SB3500 and the compiler optimizations to yield a real time software implementation of WIMAX are also presented. 
7E25943D	The integration of power line communication with that of visible light communication is being considered in this paper. At the physical layer, the existing integrated system degrades in its performance in the presence of power line noises. In this paper a modified integrated system that utilizes the advantage of turbo codes is proposed. Also in the modified integrated system the effect of multipath in power line channel is considered. The simulation results show that our proposed system provides a coding gain of about 6dB. At the data link layer, the media access control (MAC) protocol has to provide large flexibility and scalability to match the heterogeneous requirements such as voice, video and data. The MAC analysis using hybrid protocol, which is based on virtual slot multiple access (VSMA) with a novel backoff mechanism is extended to the PLC and its throughput and delay characteristics are studied.
8125DF25	Wireless sensor networks (WSN) are used in many fields such as industrial control, building automation, environmental monitoring, etc. IEEE 802.15.4 standard defines the features of MAC layer and physical layer for WSN. Many analytical models studied the performance of the multihop IEEE 802.15.4 networks under the assumption of ideal wireless channel, and they did not consider the effect of imperfect wireless channel. This paper presents an analytical model for the IEEE 802.15.4 networks that joins the MAC layer and the physical layer and takes into account the lognormal shadowing, interference, hidden terminal and modulation type. The proposed model is implemented using MATLAB, and its performance is compared to the OPNET simulation tool. The node throughput is used as a metric to evaluate the behavior of the network. The results show that the consideration of the realistic channel conditions has a significant impact on the network performance compared to the ideal one. Our model gives very close results to that obtained by using OPNET.
5DCA4BD7	Mobile communication systems like handhelds and laptops still suffer from low operation time due to limited battery capacity. We exploit the relative new approach of protocol harmonization to extend the time between battery charges in mobile devices using an IEEE 802.11 network interface. Many known energy saving mechanisms only concentrate on a single protocol layer while others only optimize the receiving phase by on/off switching. We show, that energy saving is also possible while sending. This is achieved by a combined tuning of the data link control and physical layer. In particular harmonized operation of power control and medium access control will lead to reduction of energy consumption. In the course of the paper we show a power and medium access control trade-off. Further on we discuss applications of the results in IEEE 802.11 networks.
7FB038C4	Integrating wireless LAN (WLAN) techniques with the third generation cellular networks has become a promising way to improve the performance of wireless systems. As WLANs play an important role in such heterogeneous systems, the performance of WLANs becomes important to the whole system. It is well known that WLANs provide a physical layer multi-rate capability, and hence MAC layer mechanisms are needed to exploit this capability. In this paper, we propose a novel MAC layer relay-enabled point coordination function (PCF) protocol, called rPCF, to exploit the physical layer multi-rate capability. Since WLAN supports multiple data rates in response to different channel conditions, data packets may be delivered faster through a relay node than through the direct link if the direct link has low quality and low rate. To enable MAC layer relay, the access point needs to collect information about the channel conditions, and notify the mobile nodes which data rate to use and whether to transmit the data through a relay station. We design protocols to achieve this goal and refine these protocols to minimize the control overhead. Simulation results show that rPCF can significantly improve the system performance in terms of system throughput and transmission delay by adding only a negligible control overhead.
6B8BE51F	Currently two projects are on their way to standardize physical layer and medium access control for wireless LANs – IEEE 802.11 and ETSI RES 10 Hiperlan. This paper presents an introduction to both projects focussing on the applied access schemes. Further we will present our simulation results, analyzing the performance of both access protocols depending on the number of stations and on the packet size, evaluating them regarding their capability to support QoS parameters, regarding the impact of hidden terminals and their range extension strategy.
7623A3F2	Medium access control (MAC) protocols have a large impact on the achievable system performance for wireless ad hoc networks. Because of the limitations of existing analytical models for ad hoc networks, many researchers have opted to study the impact of MAC protocols via discrete-event simulations. However, as the network scenarios, traffic patterns and physical layer techniques may change significantly, simulation alone is not efficient to get insights into the impacts of MAC protocols on system performance. In this paper, we analyze the performance of IEEE 802.11 distributed coordination function (DCF) in multihop network scenario. We are particularly interested in understanding how physical layer techniques may affect the MAC protocol performance. For this purpose, the features of interference range is studied and taken into account of the analytical model. Simulations with OPNET show the effectiveness of the proposed analytical approach.
75B2AEF5	The hybrid optical–wireless access network (HOWAN) is a favorable architecture for next generation access network. It is an optimal combination of an optical backhaul and a wireless front-end for an efficient access network. In this paper, the HOWAN architecture is designed based on a wavelengths division multiplexing/time division multiplexing passive optical network (WDM/TDM PON) at the optical backhaul and a wireless fidelity (WiFi) technology at the wireless front-end. The HOWAN is proposed that can provide blanket coverage of broadband and flexible connection for end-users. Most of the existing works, based on performance evaluation are concerned on network layer aspects. This paper reports physical layer performance in terms of the bit error rate (BER), eye diagram, and signal-to-noise ratio (SNR) of the communication system. It accommodates 8 wavelength channels with 32 optical network unit/wireless access points (ONU/APs). It is demonstrated that downstream and upstream of 2 Gb/s can be achieved by optical backhaul for each wavelength channel along optical fiber length of 20 km and a data rate of 54 Mb/s per ONU/AP along a 50 m outdoor wireless link.
7AD82EBB	In the Internet of Things, the remote monitoring, network status tracking, fault alarm, automatic measurement and control functions of the random access system require the system has the function of the receiver to send client feedback monitoring information. For the network status monitoring requirements in the Internet of Things, this article proposes a monitoring function for random access system, and we get to the throughput, idle rate and information packet collision rate of the system with the average cycle analysis method, through computer simulations to verify the correctness of the analysis.
5DE6B7FC	Due to constraints inherent in RF systems, it is commonly agreed that collision detection is not feasible for CSMA-based wireless networks. However, by applying ideas from the busy-tone solution for hidden terminals and engineering together existing solutions for RF communications, we devise a simple method to reliably detect collisions for the wireless channel. We investigate the throughput gain delivered by CSMA/CD and its cross-layer designed version for multipacket-reception capable physical layers. We show that collision detection can help the system operate closer to its channel capacity. Our novel performance-improving protocols can be applied as beneficial extensions to the IEEE 802.11 wireless LAN standards
7F5E7F1A	DVB-H offers reliable high data rate reception for mobile handheld and battery-powered devices. A link layer with error correction is defined to work on top of the DVB-T physical layer. The DVB-H standard suggests to use Reed-Solomon coding combined with cyclic redundancy check error detection as the link layer forward error correction. However, there exist more powerful methods for decoding. In this paper, a detailed comparison of five different decoding strategies is presented of which all are compatible with the current standard. Comparison is based on frame error, IP packet error and byte error rates after decoding. Also, the effect of errors on visual experience of a video stream is analyzed
72BA6FA1	The IEEE 802.11 protocol for wireless local area networks adopts a CSMA/CA protocol with exponential backoff as medium access control technique. As the throughput performance of such a scheme becomes critical when the number of mobile stations increases, in this paper we propose an adaptive contention window mechanism, which dynamically selects the optimal backoff window according to the estimate of the number of contending stations. We show that this technique leads to stable behavior, and it outperforms the standard protocol when the network load and the number of mobile stations are high. We also investigate the CSMA/CA with the optional RTS/CTS technique, and we show that our adaptive technique reaches better performance only when the packet size is short. Finally, the performance of a system environment with hidden terminals show that the RTS/CTS mechanism, which can also be used in conjunction with the adaptive contention window mechanism, provides significant improvements.
7EF3746B	A cdma2000 physical layer compliant library for rapid prototyping and system modelling is presented in this paper. The CDMA2000Lib for SystemView simulation environment provides all the functionality required for transmitter and receiver design, building and testing. Different CDMA signal transmission scenarios are implemented and simulated using the library's functional blocks (or tokens), in order to describe its features and benefits. Single-pilot signals and signals with multiple code channels are generated and analyzed in the time domain. An estimation of the error vector magnitude (EVM) parameter is computed for a non-linear system model, represented by a traveling wave tube amplifier (TWTA). The amplifier transfer function is described and the CDMA signal degradation is studied. A multipath Rayleigh fading channel model is considered and implemented to analyze and study the behavior of a traditional rake receiver demodulating a CDMA signal.
7CAFF678	In this paper a novel analytical model for the saturation throughput of unslotted Carrier Sensing Multiple Access with Collision Avoidance (CSMA/CA) in wireless networks is proposed. A fixed point procedure is developed based on the interaction of the Physical layer (PHY) and the Medium Access Control sub-layer (MAC). The output of the Clear Channel Assessment (CCA), i.e. idle or busy medium in the neighborhood of a node, serves as a feedback mechanism for the dynamical scheduling rate controlled by the back-off procedure. The PHY is described by a renewal process between successful transmissions with failed attempts and collided packets in between. A semi-Markov process of the internal states of a node is used as a model for the MAC. An event-driven simulator for the non-beacon enabled IEEE Std 802.15.4™MAC is developed to verify the numerical results of the analytical method. A detailed analysis of the idle period after a transmission is carried out based on the proposed analytical approach. The probability that the CCA senses the channel idle depends clearly on the actual back-off stage and the first back-off expiration after a transmission cannot be modeled by a exponential distribution when a finite number of nodes are in contention. The output of the event-driven simulations confirms both statements in great detail and the saturated throughput evaluated with the analytical procedure is verified by event-driven simulations.
7EF60F7C	At present, standards for broadband wireless multimedia communications in the 5 GHz band are being developed in Europe as well as in the USA and Japan. HIPERLAN/2 is an upcoming standard which is being specified by the ETSI Project BRAN and is intended to be finished in April 2000. The physical layers of the three systems will be well-harmonized whereas the upper layer protocols are different. In this paper, the concepts and parameters of the physical layer of HIPERLAN/2 are described. According to the harmonization with the American and the Japanese system similarities and differences are pointed out. Furthermore, exemplary performance results are included and discussed.
7D38D4A6	Broadband wireless access (BWA) systems are members of a larger class of shared medium access systems where a single central site (base station) communicates with a multiplicity of subscriber stations over a single transmission medium. Sharing a transmission medium among a multiplicity of users depends on designing orthogonal signal sets such that no two transmissions can interfere with one another. Conventional systems make use of time-based packet multiplexing as a preferred means of sharing the single transmission medium. However, current methods have a number of shortcomings. The paper outlines a new methodology that provides a number of benefits compared to conventional approaches. The new methodology is based on a time division multiplexed bandwidth-on-demand protocol layer that lies on top of the physical layer but below all higher level protocols. Advantages of this new approach include enhanced bandwidth utilization efficiency, low latency and zero delay variation. Complete independence from higher layer communication protocols assures non-obsolescent. BWA networks can benefit greatly from the methodology. The techniques employed are applicable to interconnecting BWA systems in larger networking contexts. Metropolitan area networks of interconnected BWA systems can use fixed wireless (or other) point-to-point network connections. These networks can be interconnected in even larger contexts using existing wide area network transmission facilities.
7D03FC5F	Emerging wireless communication systems are rapidly moving toward Multiple-Input Multiple-Output (MIMO) technologies to guarantee either robustness and throughput as required by current broadband applications. Targeting a solution easy to integrate, MIMO technology can be conveniently adopted in combination with the largely known Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiplexing (OFDM), a modulation scheme combining high spectral efficiency with low complexity. MIMO and OFDM are the Physical (PHY) layer technologies selected by IEEE to drive the evolution of current Wireless-LAN 802.11 standards. Starting from a template architecture definition, a flexible MIMO W-LAN PHY layer based on IEEE 802.11n draft standard has been implemented and validated on a commercial FPGA-based prototyping platform embedding RF cards to prove on-air real-time capabilities. The overall RTL design has been then synthesized for the STMicroelectronics CMOS low-power 65 nm technology.
7EA72B4F	Advances in low-power and low-cost sensor networks have led to solutions mature enough for use in a broad range of applications, requiring various degrees of reliability. To facilitate this, a broad range of options are possible to tune reliability, throughput or energy cost in the IEEE 802.15.4 standard defining the medium access control (MAC) and physical layer for sensor networks. Knowing how to tune those knobs however requires detailed models of the protocol behavior under different conditions. In our earlier work, we have proposed a very accurate model for the slotted Carrier Sense Multiple Access with Collision Avoidance (CSMA/CA) access scheme of the IEEE 802.15.4 standard for the unacknowledged transmission mode. Because of the design of the 802.15.4 carrier sensing mechanism, modeling the performance of the network in case of acknowledged transmissions is not a trivial extension. In this paper, we hence derive such model and illustrate through simulations that it is extremely accurate. Next, using the model, guidelines are derived to optimize the energy or throughput performance of sensor networks using the IEEE 802.15.4 standard.
7A4E2B8F	Traditional protocols in wireless sensor networks follow the strict layering techniques which lead to the degradation in performance of the QoS (Quality of Service) parameters. Battery powered tiny sensor nodes with constraints of energy and guaranteed time require the efficient communication protocols with innovative and optimized approach to attain the objectives of WSN. Especially, these requirements become more stringent with the emergence of novel applications based on WSN. In order to find an optimized solution to this, cross layer-based approach which allows the cooperation, synchronization and communication among the layers, seems to be appropriate. In this paper, a realistic cross-layer protocol has been developed taking into considerations of MAC and Physical layer to further optimize the QoS parameters of already developed Energy Efficient Inter Cluster Coordination Protocol (EEICCP) at the Network layer level. In this paper we endeavor to concentrate on the enhancement of reliability parameter of QoS and results are validated through simulations done in MATLAB.