7D7D5BA3	Video communication is often afflicted by various forms of losses, such as packet loss over the Internet. This paper examines the question of whether the packet loss pattern, and in particular, the burst length, is important for accurately estimating the expected mean-squared error distortion resulting from packet loss of compressed video. We focus on the challenging case of low-bit-rate video where each P-frame typically fits within a single packet. Specifically, we: 1) verify that the loss pattern does have a significant effect on the resulting distortion; 2) explain why a loss pattern, for example a burst loss, generally produces a larger distortion than an equal number of isolated losses; and 3) propose a model that accurately estimates the expected distortion by explicitly accounting for the loss pattern, inter-frame error propagation, and the correlation between error frames. The accuracy of the proposed model is validated with H.264/AVC coded video and previous frame concealment, where for most sequences the total distortion is predicted to within plusmn0.3 dB for burst loss of length two packets, as compared to prior models which underestimate the distortion by about 1.5 dB. Furthermore, as the burst length increases, our prediction is within plusmn0.7 dB, while prior models degrade and underestimate the distortion by over 3 dB. The proposed model works well for video-telephony-type of sequences with low to medium motion. We also present a simple illustrative example, of how knowledge of the effect of burst loss can be used to adapt the schedule of video streaming to provide improved performance for a burst loss channel, without requiring an increase in bit rate.
7FA170FD	We consider the problem of error control for receiver-driven layered multicast of audio and video over the Internet. The sender injects into the network multiple source layers and multiple channel coding (parity) layers, some of which are delayed relative to the source, Each receiver subscribes to the number of source layers and the number of parity layers that optimizes the receiver's quality for its available bandwidth and packet loss probability. We augment this layered FEC system with layered pseudo-ARQ. Although feedback is normally problematic in broadcast situations, ARQ can be simulated by having the receivers subscribe and unsubscribe to the delayed parity layers to receive missing information. This pseudo-ARQ scheme avoids an implosion of repeat requests at the sender and is scalable to an unlimited number of receivers, We show gains of 4-18 dB on channels with 20% loss over systems without error control and additional gains of 1-13 dB when FEC is augmented by pseudo-ARQ in a hybrid system, Optimal error control in the hybrid system is achieved by an optimal policy for a Markov decision process.
7FE46870	The quality of service limitation of today's best-effort networks poses major challenge for low-latency video communication. To combat network losses for real-time and on-demand video communication, which exhibits stronger dependency across packets, a network-adaptive coding scheme is employed to dynamically manage the packet dependency using optimal reference picture selection. The selection of the reference is achieved within a rate-distortion optimization framework and is adapted to the varying network conditions. For network-adaptive streaming of prestored video, based on an accurate loss-distortion model, a prescient scheme that optimizes the dependency of a group of packets is proposed to achieve global optimality as well as improved rate-distortion performance. With the improved trade-off between compression efficiency and error resilience, the proposed system does not require retransmission of lost packets, which makes less than one-second low-latency communication possible.
773F1213	We consider an unconventional procedure for communicating to the server the receipt of media packets for Internet video streaming. Instead of separately acknowledging each media packet as it arrives, we periodically send to the server a single acknowledgment packet, denoted rich acknowledgment, that contains information about all media packets that have arrived at the client by the time the rich acknowledgment is sent. We investigate rate-distortion optimized sender-driven streaming that employs rich acknowledgments. Performance gains of up to 1.3 dB for streaming packetized video content are observed over rate-distortion optimized senderdriven systems that employ conventional acknowledgments. 
8123EE44	This paper addresses the problem of streaming packetized media over a lossy packet network in a rate-distortion optimized way. We show that although the data units in a media presentation generally depend on each other according to a directed acyclic graph, the problem of rate-distortion optimized streaming of an entire presentation can be reduced to the problem of error-cost optimized transmission of an isolated data unit. We show how to solve the latter problem in a variety of scenarios, including the important common scenario of sender-driven streaming with feedback over a best-effort network, which we couch in the framework of Markov decision processes. We derive a fast practical algorithm for nearly optimal streaming in this scenario, and we derive a general purpose iterative descent algorithm for locally optimal streaming in arbitrary scenarios. Experimental results show that systems based on our algorithms have steady-state gains of 2-6 dB or more over systems that are not rate-distortion optimized. Furthermore, our systems essentially achieve the best possible performance: the operational distortion-rate function of the source at the capacity of the packet erasure channel.
764E3831	The directional intra prediction (IP) in H.264/AVC and HEVC tends to cause the residue to be anisotropic. To transform the IP residue, Mode Dependent Directional Transform (MDDT) based on Karhunen Loève transform (KLT) can achieve better energy compaction than DCT, with one transform assigned to each prediction mode. However, due to the data variation, different residue blocks with the same IP mode may not have the same statistical properties. Instead of constraining one transform for each IP mode, in this paper, we propose a novel rate-distortion optimized transform (RDOT) scheme which allows a set of specially trained transforms to be available to all modes, and each block can choose its preferred transform to minimize the rate-distortion (RD) cost. We define a cost function which is an estimate of the true RD cost and use the Lloyd-type algorithm (a sequence of transform optimization and data reclassification alternately) to find the optimal set of transforms. The proposed RDOT scheme is implemented in HM9.0 software of HEVC. Experimental results suggest that RDOT effectively achieves 1.6% BD-Rate reduction under the Intra Main condition and 1.6% BD-Rate reduction under the Intra High Efficiency (HE) 10bit condition.
78CFB32A	We consider rate-distortion optimized strategies for dropping frames from multiple conversational and streaming videos sharing limited network node resources. The dropping strategies are based on side information that is extracted during encoding and is sent along the regular bitstream. The additional transmission overhead and the computational complexity of the proposed frame dropping schemes are analyzed. Our experimental results show that a significant improvement in end-to-end performance is achieved compared to priority-based random early dropping.
0319D9B8	The general problem of optimized video encoding has received a great deal of attention in recent years. This paper focuses on the optimization of video coding with frameskip. We propose models that estimate the distortion for coded frames as well as non-coded frames. Using these models in conjunction with well-know models that estimate the rate allows us to formulate a rate control problem that trades-off spatial and temporal quality. Simulation results indicate moderate improvements for low motion test sequences.
7EA6573E	Motion information scalability is an important requirement for a fully scalable video codec, especially in low bit rate or small resolution decoding scenarios, for which the fully scalable motion model (SMM) has been proposed. SMM can collaborate flawlessly with other scalabilities, such as spatial, temporal and quality, in a scalable video codec. It performs better than the nonscalable motion model. To further improve the SMM, this correspondence extends the algorithm to support the hierarchical B frame structure and bidirectional or multidirectional motion estimation. Furthermore, the corresponding rate distortion optimized estimation for improved efficiency in several scenarios is discussed. Several simulation results based upon the updated framework are presented to verify the advantage of this extension.
591D1690	In this paper, we discuss how to apply the rate distortion technique to select the optimal mode in the scalable coding. Firstly, we analyze this problem from a general scalable model and point out that the complicated dependencies among the different macroblocks and layers make the original independency assumption no longer a right approximation. Secondly, we propose an EOD function to estimate this dependency and derive a simple formula of this function. We apply the proposed algorithm to the H.26L PFGS, and the experimental results show that the algorithm significantly improves the coding efficiency of the H.26L PFGS. Further studies on how to design the EOD function more accurately is quite interesting and significant.
808A4297	We describe an effective method for increasing error resilience of video transmission over bit error prone networks. Rate-distortion optimized mode selection and synchronization marker insertion algorithms are introduced. The resulting video communication system takes into account the channel condition and the error concealment method used by the decoder, to optimize video coding mode selection and placement of synchronization markers in the compressed bit stream. The effects of mismatch between the parameters used by the encoder and the parameters associated with the actual channel condition and the decoder error concealment method are evaluated. Results for the binary symmetric channel and wideband code division multiple access mobile network models are presented in order to illustrate the advantages of the proposed method.
80EF36FE	Video distortion metrics based on models of the human visual system have traditionally used comparisons between the distorted signal and a reference signal to calculate distortions objectively. In video coding applications, this is not prohibitive. In quality monitoring applications, however, access to the reference signal is often limited. This paper presents a computationally efficient video distortion metric that can operate in full- or reduced-reference mode as required. The metric is based on a model of the human visual system implemented using the wavelet transform and separable filters. The visual model is parameterized using a set of video frames and the associated quality scores. The visual model's hierarchical structure, as well as the limited impact of fine scale distortions on quality judgments of severely impaired video, are exploited to build a framework for scaling the bitrate required to represent the reference signal. Two applications of the metric are also presented. In the first, the metric is used as the distortion measure in a rate-distortion optimized rate control algorithm for MPEG-2 video compression. The resulting compressed video sequences demonstrate significant improvements in visual quality over compressed sequences with allocations determined by the TM5 rate control algorithm operating with MPEG-2 at the same rate. In the second, the metric is used to estimate time series of objective quality scores for distorted video sequences using reference bitrates as low as 10 kb/s. The resulting quality scores more accurately model subjective quality recordings than do those estimated using the mean squared error as a distortion metric, while requiring a fraction of the bitrate used to represent the reference signal. The reduced-reference metric's performance is comparable to that of the full-reference metrics tested in the first Video Quality Experts Group evaluation.
8048EDA2	Error resilient, low latency video coding for interactive video applications requires progressive intra coding of macroblocks (MBs) to contain the error propagation. Both refresh MB selection (RMS) and refresh rate selection (RRS) impact the subjective video quality in the presence of packet losses. Joint source-channel rate distortion optimization methods attempt to find the best trade-off between compression efficiency and end-to-end distortion at an MB-level and are typically computationally expensive in addition to not being optimal at a picture level. While probabilistic error propagation tracking is used for refresh MB selection in previous work, these picture-level optimal RRS methods model source-channel distortion by mimicking the effect of periodic intra frame coding which does not match well with content adaptive refresh MB selection. In this paper, we propose a frame-level approach to RRS that aligns the joint source-channel rate-distortion trade-off modeling with an enhanced RMS process to achieve an optimal end-to-end distortion that is content, bit-rate and channel adaptive. For typical videoconferencing content, the proposed approach is quite low in complexity, works on par with off-line multi-pass identification of the optimal fixed refresh rate and is quite competitive when compared to the H.264 Joint Model’s lossy rate-distortion optimization technique.
7FB93FC8	This paper addresses the problem of streaming packetized media over a lossy packet network through an intermediate proxy server to a client, in a rate-distortion optimized way. The proxy, located at the junction of the backbone network and the last hop to the client, coordinates the communication between the media server and the client using hybrid receiver/sender-driven streaming in a rate-distortion optimization framework. The framework enables the proxy to determine at every instant which packets, if any, it should either request from the media server or retransmit directly to the client, in order to meet a constraint on the average transmission rate while minimizing the average end-to-end distortion. Performance gains of up to 1.5 dB and up to 4 dB are observed over rate-distortion optimized sender-driven systems for the case when the last hop is wireline and wireless, respectively.
7FEDFE11	New standardization activities have been recently launched by the JCT-VC experts group in order to challenge the current video compression standard H.264/AVC. Several improvements of this standard, previously integrated in the JM key technical area software, are already known and gathered in the high efficiency video coding test model. In particular, competition-based motion vector prediction has proved its efficiency. However, the targeted 50% bitrate saving for equivalent quality is not yet achieved. In this context, this paper proposes to reduce the signaling information resulting from this motion vector competition, by using data hiding techniques. As data hiding and video compression traditionally have contradictory goals, an advanced study of data hiding schemes is first performed. Then, an original way of using data hiding for video compression is proposed. The main idea of this paper is to hide the competition index into appropriately selected chroma and luma transform coefficients. To minimize the prediction errors, the transform coefficients modification is performed via a rate-distortion optimization. The proposed scheme is evaluated on several low and high resolution sequences. Objective improvements (up to 2.40% bitrate saving) and subjective assessment of the chroma loss are reported.
779C3AFF	In this paper, a novel adaptive Lagrange multiplier selection model in rate-distortion optimization (RDO) is proposed to determine the motion estimation mode during motion compensated temporal filter (MCTF) decomposition in the context of 3D wavelet-based scalable video codec (SVC). First, the motion activity of temporal subbands is investigated. Then, the model parameters for different MCTF levels are estimated. Finally, an optimization model for each temporal subband is obtained from the adaptive Lagrange multiplier selection. We demonstrate the accuracy and performance of our proposed model through extensive numerical simulations. Experimental results illustrate that the proposed model is adaptive with the characteristics of the temporal subbands, suggesting that our model can effectively improve the video quality in terms of both the PSNR and the mean structural similarity index (mean SSIM).
7E0721E4	Block-based discrete cosine transform (DCT) has been successfully adopted into several international image/video coding standards, e.g., MPEG-2, H.264/AVC, as it can achieve a good tradeoff between performance and complexity. Although DCT theoretically approximates the optimum Karhunen-Loève transform under first-order Markov conditions, one fixed set of transform basis functions (TBF) cannot handle all the cases efficiently due to the non-stationary nature of video contents. To further improve the performance of block-based transform coding, in this paper, we present the design of rate-distortion optimized transform (RDOT) which contributes to both intraframe and interframe coding. The most important property which makes a difference between RDOT and the conventional DCT is that, in the proposed method, transform is implemented with multiple TBF candidates which are obtained from off-line training. With this feature, for coding each residual block, the encoder is capable to select the optimal set of TBF in terms of rate-distortion performance, and better energy compaction is achieved in the transform domain. To obtain an optimum group of candidate TBF, we have developed a two-step iterative optimization technique for the off-line training, with which the TBF candidates are refined at each iteration until the training process becomes converged. Moreover, analysis on the optimal group of candidate TBF is also presented in this paper, with a detailed description of a practical implementation for the proposed algorithm on the latest VCEG key technical area software platform. Extensive experimental results show that, compared with the conventional DCT-based transform scheme adopted into the state-of-the-art H.264/AVC video coding standard, significant improvement of coding performance has been achieved for both intraframe and interframe coding with our proposed method.
7870E33D	Recent advances in video capturing and display technologies, along with the exponentially increasing demand of video services, challenge the video coding research community to design new algorithms able to significantly improve the compression performance of the current H.264/AVC standard. This target is currently gaining evidence with the standardization activities in the High Efficiency Video Coding (HEVC) project. The distortion models used in HEVC are mean squared error (MSE) and sum of absolute difference (SAD). However, they are widely criticized for not correlating well with perceptual image quality. The structural similarity (SSIM) index has been found to be a good indicator of perceived image quality. Meanwhile, it is computationally simple compared with other state-of-the-art perceptual quality measures and has a number of desirable mathematical properties for optimization tasks. We propose a perceptual video coding method to improve upon the current HEVC based on an SSIM-inspired divisive normalization scheme as an attempt to transform the DCT domain frame prediction residuals to a perceptually uniform space before encoding. Based on the residual divisive normalization process, we define a distortion model for mode selection and show that such a divisive normalization strategy largely simplifies the subsequent perceptual rate-distortion optimization procedure. We further adjust the divisive normalization factors based on local content of the video frame. Experiments show that the proposed scheme can achieve significant gain in terms of rate-SSIM performance when compared with HEVC.
656ECA98	Raster document coders are typically based on the use of a binary mask layer that efficiently encodes the text and graphic content. While these methods can yield much higher compression ratios than natural image compression methods, the binary representation tends to distort fine document details, such as thin lines, and text edges. In this paper, we describe a method for encoding and decoding the binary mask layer that substantially improves the decoded document quality at a fixed bit rate. This method, which we call resolution enhanced rendering (RER), works by adaptively dithering the encoded binary mask, and then applying a nonlinear predictor to decode a gray level mask at the same or higher resolution. We present experimental results illustrating that the RER method can substantially improve document quality at high compression ratios.
80A44F9B	We present an effective framework for increasing the error-resilience of low bit-rate video communications over an error-prone packet-switched network. Our framework is based on the principle of layered coding with transport prioritization. We introduce a rate-distortion optimized mode-selection algorithm for our prioritized layered framework. This algorithm is based on a joint source/channel-coding approach and trades off source coding efficiency for increased bitstream error-resilience to optimize the video coding mode selection within and across layers. The algorithm considers the channel conditions, as well as the error recovery and concealment capabilities, of the channel codec and source decoder, respectively. Important framework parameters including the packetization scheme, decoder error concealment method, and channel codec error-protection strength are considered. The effects of mismatch between the parameters employed by the encoder and the actual channel conditions are considered. Results are presented for a wide range of packet loss rates in order to illustrate the benefits of the proposed framework.
8015072B	The curved wavelet transform (CWT) was developed to enhance compactness of the wavelet transform (WT) representation. Curve determination is critical for the CWT because a well-defined curve set can increase the performance gain in terms of the rate-distortion (R-D). Conventionally, the image to be encoded is divided into blocks and the curve orientation in each block is independently determined through the minimization of its high-pass CWT energy. In this paper, we propose an R-D optimization algorithm for the curve determination, in which variable block size and the impact of neighboring blocks are taken into account. To reduce the computational cost, an alternative sampling strategy is exploited. Experiment results with natural images show that the proposed algorithm can provide better image quality, measured objectively or subjectively, compared to the conventional CWT coding algorithm. Importantly, the proposed approach overcomes the hurdles of computational cost and optimization at the global level opens the door for further performance enhancements of applications with the CWT.
7EC2A91B	This paper addresses the problem of streaming packetized media over a lossy packet network to a wireless client, in a rate-distortion optimized way. We introduce an incremental redundancy error-correction scheme that combats the effects of both packet loss and bit errors in an end-to-end fashion, without support from the underlying network or from an intermediate base station. The scheme is employed within an optimization framework that enables the sender to compute which packets it should send, out of all the packets it could send at a given transmission opportunity, in order to meet an average transmission-rate constraint while minimizing the average end-to-end distortion. Experimental results show that our system is robust and maintains quality of service over a wide range of channel conditions. Up to 8 dB performance gains are registered over systems that are not rate-distortion optimized, at bit-error rates as large as 10/sup -2/.
7DEE704C	In this paper, we introduce a new strategy for processing real-time video packets in programmable network nodes or active routers. We first discuss challenges in transmission of video streams over bandwidth-limited networks, followed by the active approach as an advance for streaming real-time video. In our model, each programmable node (or router) makes admission decision for video frames based on evaluating their potential value. Frames "bid" their expected distortion price and the node chooses the best ones first until resource is fully utilised. We also analyse complexity and overhead to show its clear benefit against other known strategies. Simulation experiments demonstrate consistent outperformance of the framework in comparison to Lagrangian-based rate-distortion optimized schemes.
7D8084CF	This paper addresses the problem of encoder optimization in a macroblock-based multimode video compression system. An efficient solution is proposed in which, for a given image region, the optimum combination of macroblock modes and the associated mode parameters are jointly selected so as to minimize the overall distortion for a given bit-rate budget. Conditions for optimizing the encoder operation are derived within a rate-constrained product code framework using a Lagrangian formulation. The instantaneous rate of the encoder is controlled by a single Lagrange multiplier that makes the method amenable to mobile wireless networks with time-varying capacity. When rate and distortion dependencies are introduced between adjacent blocks (as is the case when the motion vectors are differentially encoded and/or overlapped block motion compensation is employed), the ensuing encoder complexity is surmounted using dynamic programming. Due to the generic nature of the algorithm, it can be successfully applied to the problem of encoder control in numerous video coding standards, including H.261, MPEG-1, and MPEG-2. Moreover, the strategy is especially relevant for very low bit rate coding over wireless communication channels where the low dimensionality of the images associated with these bit rates makes real-time implementation very feasible. Accordingly, in this paper, the method is successfully applied to the emerging H.263 video coding standard with excellent results at rates as low as 8.0 Kb per second. Direct comparisons with the H.263 test model, TMN5, demonstrate that gains in peak signal-to-noise ratios (PSNR) are achievable over a wide range of rates.
7A7264D5	We propose new models and methods for rate-distortion (RD) optimal video delivery over IP, when packets with bit errors are also delivered. In particular, we propose RD optimal methods for slicing and unequal error protection (UEP) of packets over IP allowing transmission of packets with bit errors. The proposed framework can be employed in a classical independent-layer transport model for optimal slicing, as well as in a cross-layer transport model for optimal slicing and UEP, where the forward error correction (FEC) coding is performed at the link layer, but the application controls the FEC code rate with the constraint that a given IP packet is subject to constant channel protection. The proposed method uses a novel dynamic programming approach to determine the optimal slicing and UEP configuration for each video frame in a practical manner, that is compliant with the AVC/H.264 standard. We also propose new rate and distortion estimation techniques at the encoder side in order to efficiently evaluate the objective function for a slice configuration. The cross-layer formulation option effectively determines which regions of a frame should be protected better; hence, it can be considered as a spatial UEP scheme. We successfully demonstrate, by means of experimental results, that each component of the proposed system provides significant gains, up to 2.0 dB, compared to competitive methods
7DE54C8A	This paper presents a rate-distortion optimization approach to hybrid sound coding. The advantages of sinusoidal and transform coding are combined by a rate-distortion optimization mechanism, using a perceptually relevant distortion measure based on spectral auditory masking. As a result, the coder can adapt to the input signal and to constraints such as bit rate. Listening test results show improved performance of the hybrid coder compared to the individual coding paradigms. There is a good correlation between the improved performance as reported by the listeners and the differences in distortion resulting from the perceptually relevant distortion measure. This confirms that the distortion measure used in the optimization is useful; moreover, it shows the feasibility of the rate-distortion optimization approach for hybrid sound coding.
7FC42BEF	This paper presents an algorithm to optimize the tradeoff between rate and expected end-to-end distortion of a video sequence transmitted over a packet network. The approach optimizes the source coding parameters, slicing, network QoS class selection and/or error control coding parameters, and accounts for the effects of compression, packetization, error propagation, and concealment at the decoder. It builds on, and substantially extends the applicability of, the recursive optimal per-pixel estimate (ROPE) technique for end-to-end distortion estimation. A trellis-based algorithm is introduced in order to overcome macroblock interdependencies in the estimation procedure, and allow adaptive slicing. Moreover, we propose a complementary packetization scheme to efficiently arrange the slices into packets for FEC protection while minimizing rate loss due to padding. Simulations demonstrate consistent gains over currently used techniques.
06F0B7DE	Rate-distortion optimization (RDO) plays a significant role in video coding. However, in most RDO methods, the distortion measurement metrics consider only the spatial distortion of statistical pixel errors. People have concerns about not only the information of independent pixels, but also the spatial and temporal correlations between them. In order to make the distortion assessment more consistent with human perception, temporal information of the successive images and the characteristics of human visual perception should be considered as well. In this paper, we propose a rate-distortion model based on spatio-temporal video structural similarity (stVSSIM) index, which takes both spatial and temporal visual quality into account. Meanwhile, to obtain a reasonable trade-off between bit-rate and visual quality dynamically, a perceptual adaptive Lagrange multiplier selection method is presented. Simulation results show that the proposed method averagely reduces 20% bit-rate under the equal visual quality and the adaptive Lagrange multiplier can further improve the results.
7624C006	In this paper we present a state of the art, practical, realtime, region of interest (ROI) video encoder implemented on the Texas Instruments TMS320DM3x SOC. The proposed algorithm is a novel rate distortion optimized ROI coding algorithm with low complexity making it ideal for implementing on embedded video SOCs with low computational and memory resources while achieving excellent perceptual quality. The proposed solution is a complete solution incorporating ROI processing in the entire video chain from front-end face detection to back-end video compression. It is probably one of the first video capture and compression system implemented on an embedded SOC which relies on specialized rate distortion method for ROI coding using object detection methods from the front end or user inputs. Extensive subjective evaluation has been performed on the proposed algorithm for various resolutions ranging from CIF to 1080p video resolutions at different bitrates for over 300 test cases. Significant subjective quality enhancements have been observed for video sequences over all the different video resolutions at various different bitrates. With the proposed algorithm competitive subjective quality is achieved for video conferencing sequences at 300 kbps for 720p and at 96 kbps for CIF when compared to the case where no ROI based rate distortion methods for coding are used. On the Texas Instruments TMS320DM3x SOC the ROI videoencoder achieved realtime performance for 1080p video resolution at 30 fps.
7DDF5EAE	H.264/AVC encoder employs a complex mode-decision technique based on rate-distortion optimization. It calculates rate-distortion cost (RDcost) for all possible modes to choose the best one having the minimum RDcost. This paper presents a frame-layer rate control for H.264/AVC that computes the Lagrange multiplier (/spl lambda//sub MODE/) for mode decision by using a quantization parameter (QP) which may be different from that used for encoding. At the same time, we also compare actual bits produced by previous macroblocks (MBs) with the total bits allocated to these MBs to further modify /spl lambda//sub MODE/. The objective of these measures aims to produce bits as close to the frame target bits for rate control as possible. This is very important in the case of low-bit-rate tight buffer applications. In order to obtain an accurate QP for a frame, we employ a complexity-based bit-allocation scheme and a QP adjustment method. Simulation results comparing with the H.264 Joint Video Team (JVT) rate control method show that the H.264 encoder, using the proposed algorithm, achieves a visual quality improvement of about 0.56 dB, performs better for buffer overflow and underflow, and achieves a smaller PSNR deviation.
03510265	In this paper, we improve the performance of the embedded coder by reorganising its output bitstream in the rate-distortion (R-D)sense. In the proposed rate-distortion optimized embedding (RDE), the coding bit is first allocated to the coefficient with the steepest R-D slope, i.e. the biggest distortion decrease per coding bit. To avoid transmission of the position of the coded coefficient, RDE uses the expectation R-D slope that can be calculated by the coded bits that have already been transmitted to the decoder. RDE also takes advantage of the probability estimation table of the QM-coder so that the calculation of the R-D slope is just a lookup table operation. Extensive experimental results show that RDE significantly improves the coding efficiency.
7F721715	In this paper, a rate estimation technique using the transform coefficient variance is proposed in the rate-distortion cost function for intra mode decision. The experiment shows that the rate estimation using the absolute transform coefficient variance can predict rates more accurate than the one using ρ-domain model. The new cost function brings out an average speed-up factor of 13.8 when compared with the RDO mode decision, but with considerable degradation in the rate-distortion performance. To improve the coding performance, we propose a SATD-based mode decision algorithm, which incorporates both SATD and the variance information into the RDO mode decision method. The results show that the SATD-based mode decision scheme can achieve a significant improvement in computation with negligible PSNR loss.
78DC4B55	For rate-distortion optimized rate allocation in JVT Scalable Video Coding (SVC), the distortion impact of every FGS NAL unit on the global reconstruction quality is calculated by repeatedly bitstream decoding, which leads to high complexity. In this paper, a fast rate allocation algorithm by modeling distortion estimation is proposed. Based on the hypothesis that DCT residual coefficients follow Laplacian distribution, we establish the distortion estimation model by calculating quantization error of each FGS NAL unit and analyzing the prediction in hierarchical B coding structure. Besides, the parameter in the model is updated according to the distribution of residual coefficients decoded at the base layer within every frame. Experimental results show that compared to the existing method of R-D optimized rate allocation in SVC, the proposed method results in a reduction in decoding time of nearly 50%, and save the runtime of rate allocation by 45.3%, while the PSNR loss of decoded sequence is only 0.04 dB on average.
80407F44	Traditional video compression methods remove spatial and temporal redundancy based on the signal statistical correlation. However, to reach higher compression ratios without perceptually degrading the reconstructed signal, the properties of the human visual system (HVS) need to be better exploited. Research effort has been dedicated to modeling the spatial and temporal just-noticeable-distortion (JND) based on the sensitivity of the HVS to luminance contrast, and accounting for spatial and temporal masking effects. This paper describes a foveation model as well as a foveated JND (FJND) model in which the spatial and temporal JND models are enhanced to account for the relationship between visibility and eccentricity. Since the visual acuity decreases when the distance from the fovea increases, the visibility threshold increases with increased eccentricity. The proposed FJND model is then used for macroblock (MB) quantization adjustment in H.264/advanced video coding (AVC). For each MB, the quantization parameter is optimized based on its FJND information. The Lagrange multiplier in the rate-distortion optimization is adapted so that the MB noticeable distortion is minimized. The performance of the FJND model has been assessed with various comparisons and subjective visual tests. It has been shown that the proposed FJND model can increase the visual quality versus rate performance of the H.264/AVC video coding scheme.
7D687567	We propose a rate-distortion optimization (RDO) scheme based on the structural similarity (SSIM) index, which was found to be a better indicator of perceived image quality than mean-squared error, but has not been fully exploited in the context of image and video coding. At the frame level, an adaptive Lagrange multiplier selection method is proposed based on a novel reduced-reference statistical SSIM estimation algorithm and a rate model that combines the side information with the entropy of the transformed residuals. At the macroblock level, the Lagrange multiplier is further adjusted based on an information theoretical approach that takes into account both the motion information content and perceptual uncertainty of visual speed perception. Finally, the mode for H.264/AVC coding is selected by the SSIM index and the adjusted Lagrange multiplier. Extensive experiments show that the proposed scheme can achieve significantly better rate-SSIM performance and provide better visual quality than conventional RDO coding schemes.
80DEF79C	In today's hybrid video coding, Rate-Distortion Optimization (RDO) plays a critical role. It aims at minimizing the distortion under a constraint on the rate. Currently, the most popular RDO algorithm for one-pass coding is the one recommended in the H.264/AVC reference software. It, or HR-lambda for convenience, is actually a kind of universal method which performs the optimization only according to the quantization process while ignoring the properties of input sequences. Intuitively, it is not efficient all the time and an adaptive scheme should be better. Therefore, a new algorithm Lap- lambda is presented in this paper. Based on the Laplace distribution of transformed residuals, the proposed Lap-lambda is able to adaptively optimize the input sequences so that the overall coding efficiency is improved. Cases which cannot be well captured by the proposed models are considered via escape methods. Comprehensive simulations verify that compared with HR-lambda , Lap-lambda shows a much better or similar performance in all scenarios. Particularly, significant gains of 1.79 dB and 1.60 dB in PSNR are obtained for slow sequences and B-frames, respectively.
7FDADB2D	An important motivation for the development of the emerging H.263+ and MPEG-4 coding standards is to enhance the quality of highly compressed video for two-way, real-time communications. In these applications, the delay produced by bits accumulated in the encoder buffer must be very small, typically below 100 ms, and the rate control strategy is responsible for encoding the video with high quality and maintaining a low buffer delay. In this work, we present a simple rate control technique that achieves these two objectives by smartly selecting the values of the quantization parameters in typical discrete cosine transform video coders. To do this, we derive models for bit rate and distortion in this type of coders, in terms of the quantization parameters. Using Lagrange optimization, we minimize distortion subject to the target bit constraint, and obtain formulas that indicate how to choose the quantization parameters. We implement our technique in H.263 and MPEG-4 coders, and compare its performance to TMN7 and VM7 rate control when the encoder buffer is small, for a variety of video sequences and bit rates. This new method has been adopted as a rate control tool in the test model TMN8 of H.263+ and (with some modifications) in the verification model VM8 of MPEG-4.
75114DD2	The SSIM-based rate-distortion optimization (RDO) has been verified to be an effective tool for H.264/AVC to promote the perceptual video coding performance. However, the current SSIM-based RDO is not efficient for improving the perceptual quality of the video streaming application over the error-prone network, because it does not consider the transmission induced distortion in the encoding process. In this paper, a SSIM-based error-resilient RDO scheme for H.264/AVC is proposed to improve the wireless video streaming performance. Firstly, with the help of the SSE-based RDO, we present a low-complexity Lagrange multiplier decision method for the SSIM-based RDO video coding in the error-free environment. Then, the SSIM-based decoding distortion of the user end is estimated at the encoder and is correspondingly introduced into the RDO to involve the transmission induced distortion into the encoding process. Further, the Lagrange multiplier is theoretically derived to optimize the encoding mode selection in the error-resilient RDO process. Experimental results show that the proposed SSIM-based error-resilient RDO can obtain superior perceptual video quality (more structural information) to the traditional SSE-based error-resilient RDO for wireless video streaming at the same bit rate condition.
7D5A3CAD	We propose a new real-time packet scheduling algorithm for streaming scalable H.264. Our algorithm makes use of a packet importance measure, which we define, that takes into consideration transmission history, channel conditions, and the unique decoding dependencies due to the temporal wavelet encoding. Our algorithm utilizes this importance measure to minimize the expected reconstruction distortion at the decoder under a certain rate constraint. In our experimental results we show gains of more than 3 dB in decoded video quality when transmissions are controlled with our algorithm as compared to existing schedulers
7DB51E7D	We introduce two models for predicting the rate and distortion of the matching-pursuit video codec. The first model is based on a pre-coding analysis pass using the full matching-pursuit dictionary. The second model is based on a reduced-complexity analysis pass. We evaluate these models for use within existing rate-distortion optimization techniques. Our prediction results suggest that the models have sufficient accuracy to be useful in this context, and that significant complexity reductions could be achieved compared to exact rate-distortion computation.
7975585E	Reliable transmission of compressed video in a packet lossy environment cannot be achieved without error recovery mechanisms. We describe an effective method for increasing error resilience of video transmission over packet lossy networks such as the Internet. Intra coding (without reference to a previous picture) is a well-known technique for eliminating temporal error propagation in a predictive video coding system. Randomly intra coding of blocks increases error resilience to packet loss. However, when the error concealment used by the decoder is known, intra encoding following a method that optimizes the tradeoffs between compression efficiency and error resilience is a better alternative. In this paper, we present a rate-distortion optimized mode selection method for packet lossy environments that takes into account the network conditions and the error concealment method used at the decoder. We present results for different packet loss rates and typical packet sizes of the Internet, that illustrate the advantages of the proposed method.
81538A7C	This paper presents a scalable rate control (SRC) scheme based on a more accurate second-order rate-distortion model. A sliding-window method for data selection is used to mitigate the impact of a scene change. The data points for updating a model are adaptively selected such that the statistical behavior is improved. For video object (VO) shape coding, we use an adaptive threshold method to remove shape-coding artifacts for MPEG-4 applications. A dynamic bit allocation among VOs is implemented according to the coding complexities for each VO. SRC achieves more accurate bit allocation with low latency and limited buffer size. In a single framework, SRC offers multiple layers of controls for objects, frames, and macroblocks (MBs). At MB level, SRC provides finer bit rate and buffer control. At multiple VO level, SRC offers superior VO presentation for multimedia applications. The proposed SRC scheme has been adopted as part of the International Standard of the emerging ISO MPEG-4 standard.
597EB3E2	In this paper, we introduce a novel architecture for programmable network nodes that work with a large number of real-time video streams. We first discuss challenges in transmission of video streams over bandwidth-limited networks, followed by the active approach as an advance for streaming real-time video. In our model, each programmable node makes admission decision for video frames based on evaluating their potential value. Frames “bid” their expected distortion price and the node chooses the best ones first until resource is fully utilized. Analysis of complexity and overhead shows clear benefit of our framework. Simulation experiments demonstrate its consistent outperformance in comparison to lagrangian-based Rate-Distortion Optimized schemes.
7681C6D9	Most conventional distortion metrics regard a video frame as a static image, and seldom exploit using the motion information of video frames in succession. Moreover, these methods usually calculate the visual distortion based on the independent spatial pixels. Recently, many researches show that the way people perceive the video signals is similar to the way filters process signals in the frequency domain. Therefore, in order to achieve better visual quality, we introduce a novel distortion measurement into the video coding system, which is consistent with human visual perception, and establish a perception-based rate-distortion optimization model. In this paper, we adopt Gabor filter family to decompose the video signals into frequency domain, and combine the video motion information to measure the perceptual distortion. We call it Motion tuned Distortion metric For Video coding (MDFV). After that we set up an MDFV based rate-distortion optimization model to select the best encoding mode. The experimental results show that the proposed approach is effective.
814AC5B0	The rate-distortion efficiency of video compression schemes is based on a sophisticated interaction between various motion representation possibilities, waveform coding of differences, and waveform coding of various refreshed regions. Hence, a key problem in high-compression video coding is the operational control of the encoder. This problem is compounded by the widely varying content and motion found in typical video sequences, necessitating the selection between different representation possibilities with varying rate-distortion efficiency. This article addresses the problem of video encoder optimization and discusses its consequences on the compression architecture of the overall coding system. Based on the well-known hybrid video coding structure, Lagrangian optimization techniques are presented that try to answer the question: what part of the video signal should be coded using what method and parameter settings?.
7F8DB94E	We propose in this paper a novel error resilient transcoding scheme that can be placed at the boundary between wired and wireless networks via heterogeneous network links. This error resilient transcoder shall seamlessly complement the standard Scalable Video Coding (SVC) bitstream to offer additional error resilient adaptation capability for receiving devices. The novel error resilient transcoding scheme consists of three different modules; each is designed to meet various levels of complexity need. The three modules are all based on the Loss-Aware Rate-Distortion Optimization (LA-RDO) mode decision algorithm we have previously developed for SVC. However, each individual module can be tailored to different complexity requirements depending on whether and how the LA-RDO mode decision is implemented. Another innovation of this approach is the design of a fast rate control algorithm in order to maintain consistent bitrates between input and output of the transcoder. This rate control algorithm only needs picture-level bit information for training target quantization parameters. Simulation results demonstrate that, comparing with standard SVC, the proposed approach is able to achieve up to 4 dB gain for the enhancement layer video and up to 1 dB gain for the base layer video.
80D8FBD0	We present a rate-distortion optimal joint source/channel coding framework for efficient and robust low bit rate video communications in packet networks. The proposed algorithm combines layered coding with transport prioritization in a novel operational rate-distortion optimization framework that trades off source coding performance for channel coding protection. The system is demonstrated to achieve significant improvement in reconstructed video quality for a range of packet loss rates.
7CC011D6	This paper proposes an efficient wavelet-based coding scheme with fine grain scalability, where the base layer is encoded with a novel designed of wavelet-based coder, and the enhancement layer is encoded with progressive fine granularity scalable (PFGS) coding. This algorithm involves multi-frame motion compensation, rate-distortion optimizing strategy with Lagrangian cost function and context-based adaptive arithmetic coding. In order to improve efficiency ofthe enhancement layer coding, an improved motion estimation scheme that uses both information from the base layer and the enhancement layer is also proposed in this paper. The novel designed of wavelet-based coder significantly improves the coding efficiency ofthe base layer compared with MPEG-4 ASP (Advanced Simple Profile) and H.26L TML9. The PFGS coding is a significant improvement over MPEG-4 FGS at the enhancement layer. Experiments show that single layer coding efficiency gain of the proposed scheme is about 2.0-3.0dB and 0.3-1.0dB compared with MPEG-4 ASP and H.26L TML9, respectively. The overall coding efficiency gain of the proposed scheme is about 4.0-5.0dB compared with MPEG-4 FGS.
7EF88D59	This work addresses the transmission of pre-encoded JPEG2000 video within a video-on-demand scenario. The primary requirement for the rate allocation algorithm deployed in the server is to match the real-time processing demands of the application. Scalability in terms of complexity must be provided to supply a valid solution by a given instant of time. The FAst rate allocation through STeepest descent (FAST) method introduced in this work selects an initial (and possibly poor) solution, and iteratively improves it until time is exhausted or the algorithm finishes execution. Experimental results suggest that FAST commonly achieves solutions close to the global optimum while employing very few computational resources.
7687FE2D	A high definition video coding technique using super-macroblocks is investigated in this work. Our research is motivated by the observation that the macroblock-based partition in H.264/AVC may not be efficient for high definition video since the maximum macroblock size of 16 × 16 is relatively small against the whole image size. In the proposed super-macboblock based video coding scheme, the original block size M × N in H.264 is scaled to 2M × 2N. Along with the super-macroblock prediction framework, a low-complexity 16 × 16 discrete cosine transform (DCT) is proposed. As compared with the 1D 8 × 8 DCT, only 16 additions are added for a 1D 16 points 16 × 16 DCT. Furthermore, an adaptive scheme is proposed for the selection the best coding mode and best transform size. It is shown by experimental results that the super-macroblock coding scheme can achieve a higher coding gain.
811D8DB5	This paper proposes a scheme for low-delay robust transmission of video signals over packet erasure channels. In applications such as video conferencing, the permissible delay between encoding and playback may be too low to allow retransmission or channel coding approaches which require buffering several video packets. For such a scenario, we present a scheme that provides error robustness using redundant video descriptions applied to pertinent portions of the video signal. In the H.264/AVC specification, this can be efficiently implemented using redundant slices and flexible macroblock ordering (FMO). We describe a model that determines the bit rate of the redundant descriptions such that the expected distortion at the decoder is minimized. Across all the video test sequences used, the average video quality delivered by the proposed scheme is 3.7 dB higher than decoder-based error concealment, and 1.2 dB higher than encoder-based loss-aware rate-distortion optimization.
7A29564A	Motion information scalability is an important requirement for a fully scalable video codec, especially in low bit rate or small resolution decoding scenarios, for which the fully scalable motion model (SMM) has been proposed. SMM can collaborate flawlessly with other scalabilities, such as spatial, temporal and quality, in a scalable video codec. It performs better than the nonscalable motion model. To further improve the SMM, this correspondence extends the algorithm to support the hierarchical B frame structure and bidirectional or multidirectional motion estimation. Furthermore, the corresponding rate distortion optimized estimation for improved efficiency in several scenarios is discussed. Several simulation results based upon the updated framework are presented to verify the advantage of this extension.