5EB46B66	Mental health nurses will play an important role in the administration of the routine outcome measures currently being implemented across Australia, including the Health of the Nation Outcome Scales (HoNOS). Prior research has implied that sources of information may be responsible in part for the mixed reliability and validity of the HoNOS. This study examines which sources of information clinicians use when making a HoNOS rating. Twenty-one mental health clinicians that had been using the HoNOS routinely for 2 years were surveyed to determine the sources of information they used when making a rating. In addition, 12 specific HoNOS ratings were reviewed to obtain data about 'actual' sources utilized. More than half of all information used when completing a HoNOS rating was obtained from interviewing the client or from direct observation of the client. The main secondary sources used included medical records and consulting with family and carers and other staff. Collateral information from general practitioners and police was used in only a small percentage of cases. There was high variability amongst clinicians with regard to how much each source was used. Training mental health workers in routine use of the HoNOS should encourage clinicians to use a range of sources of information when making a rating.
80D08EDA	OpenMusic (OM) is a domain-specific visual programming language designed for computer-aided music composition. This language based on Common Lisp allows composers to develop functional processes generating or transforming musical data, and to execute them locally by demand-driven evaluations. As most historical computer-aided composition environments, OM relies on a transformational declarative paradigm, which is hard to conciliate with reactive data-flow (an evaluation scheme more adequate to the development of interactive systems). We propose to link these two evaluation paradigms in the same and consistent visual programming framework.We establish a denotational semantics of the visual language, which gives account for its demand-driven evaluation mechanism and the incremental construction of programs. We then extend this semantics to enable reactive computations in the functional graphs.The resulting language merges data-driven executions with the existing demand-driven mechanism. A conservative implementation is proposed.We show that the incremental construction of programs and their data-driven and demand-driven evaluations can be smoothly integrated in the visual programming workflow. This integration allows for the propagation of changes in the programs, and the evaluation of graphically designed functional expressions as a response to external events, a first step in bridging the gap between computer-assisted composition environments and real-time musical systems.
7FA0A8BC	Based on cognitive load theory, two experiments investigated the conditions under which audiovisual-based instruction may be an effective or an ineffective instructional technique. Results from Experiment 1 indicated that visual with audio presentations were superior to equivalent visual-only presentations. In this experiment, neither the auditory nor the visual material could be understood in isolation. Both sources of information were interrelated and were essential to render the material intelligible. In contrast, Experiment 2 demonstrated that a non-essential explanatory text, presented aurally with similar written text contained in a diagram, hindered learning. This result was obtained because when compared to a diagram only format, the aural material was unnecessary and therefore created a redundancy effect. Differences between groups were stronger when information was high in complexity. It was concluded that the effectiveness of multimedia instruction depends very much on how and when auditory information is used.
7C9BB964	It is hypothesized that instructional materials that use dual-mode presentation techniques (e.g., auditory text and visual diagrams) can result in superior learning to equivalent, single-modality formats (e.g., visual text and visual diagrams). This modality effect may be attributed to an effective expansion of working memory. The authors explore the effect from a cognitive-load perspective. Using a variety of instructional materials, the authors found in 3 experiments that participants studying materials incorporating audio text and visual diagrams or tables performed better than those studying a conventional, visual-only format. These results were obtained only for instructions with a high intellectual content. In light of these findings, the central role of cognitive load in instructional design is highlighted, and the implications for multimedia instruction are discussed.
7B067698	The relative variogram has been employed as a tool for correcting a simple kind of nonstationarity, namely that in which local variance is proportional to local mean squared. In the past, this has been linked in a vague way to the lognormal distribution, although if {Zt; t ∈ D}is strongly stationary and normal over a domain D,then clearly {exp (Zt); t ∈ D}will stillbe stationary, but lognormal. The appropriate link is made in this article through a universal transformation principle. More general situations are considered, leading to the use of a “scaled variogram.”
809A37E0	In this paper, a new method based on multi-layered dynamic neural group network for analyzing event series is introduced. By the embedded multiple parallel structures, the new method can identify the character patterns contained in the event series. Then, a selective evaluation strategy is applied to integrate the different pattern clusters and predict the event in the next step. The aim is to generate the complex dynamic behaviors about the controlled system. The fundamental concepts and framework of this method are explained in detail. The effectiveness of our approach is demonstrated on the Internet-based telerobot soccer system by simulation experiments. The results are compared to those based on static neural group network. It is showed that, the telerobot can produce the predictive behaviors with high accuracy under the control of multi-layered dynamic neural group network. The proposed method could properly increase the local-autonomy of telerobot and maintain the stability of system. The conclusions and future work are described in the end.
76327740	Parigot's λμ-calculus, a system for computational reasoning about classical proofs, serves as a foundation for control operations embodied by operators like Scheme's callcc. We demonstrate that the call-by-value theory of the λμ-calculus contains a latent theory of delimited control, and that a known variant of λμ which unshackles the syntax yields a calculus of composable continuations from the existing constructs and rules for classical control. To relate to the various formulations of control effects, and to continuation-passing style, we use a form of compositional program transformations which preserves the underlying structure of equational theories, contexts, and substitution. Finally, we generalize the call-by-name and call-by-value theories of the λμ-calculus by giving a single parametric theory that encompasses both, allowing us to generate a call-by-need instance that defines a calculus of classical and delimited control with lazy evaluation and sharing.
7E69CEE3	There are only a few garbage collection algorithms that have been designed to operate over massive object stores. These algorithms operate at two levels, locally via incremental collection of small partitions and globally via detection of cross partition garbage, including cyclic garbage. At each level there is a choice of collection mechanism. For example, the PMOS collector employs tracing at the local level and reference counting at the global level. Another approach implemented in the Thor object database uses tracing at both levels. In this paper we present two new algorithms that both employ reference counting at the local level. One algorithm uses reference counting at the higher level and the other uses tracing at the higher level. An evaluation strategy is presented to support comparisons between these four algorithms and preliminary experiments are outlined.
782EB1EB	We present the &mu; -calculus, a syntax for &lambda;-calculus + control operators exhibiting symmetries such as program/context and call-by-name/call-by-value. This calculus is derived from implicational Gentzen's sequent calculus LK, a key classical logical system in proof theory. Under the Curry-Howard correspondence between proofs and programs, we can see LK, or more precisely a formulation called LK&mu; , as a syntax-directed system of simple types for &mu; -calculus. For &mu; -calculus, choosing a call-by-name or call-by-value discipline for reduction amounts to choosing one of the two possible symmetric orientations of a critical pair. Our analysis leads us to revisit the question of what is a natural syntax for call-by-value functional computation. We define a translation of &lambda;&mu;-calculus into &mu; -calculus and two dual translations back to &lambda;-calculus, and we recover known CPS translations by composing these translations.
37CBAE52	The dangers that future climate change poses to physical, biological, and economic systems are accounted for in analyses of risk and increasingly figure in decision-making about responses to climate change. Yet the potential cultural and social impacts of climate change have scarcely been considered. In this article we bring the risks climate change poses to cultures and social systems into consideration through a focus on places—those local material and symbolic contexts that give meaning and value to peoples' lives. By way of examples, the article reviews evidence on the observed and projected impacts of climate change on the Arctic and Pacific island atoll nations. It shows that impacts may result in the loss of many unique natural and cultural components of these places. We then argue that the risk of irreversible loss of places needs to be factored into decision-making on climate change. The article then suggests ways forward in decision-making that recognizes these non-market and non-instrumental metrics of risk, based on principles of justice and recognition of individual and community identity.
5B26E764	Building on his highly successful textbook on C++, David Yevick provides a concise yet comprehensive one-stop course in three key programming languages, C++, Java and Octave (a freeware alternative to MATLAB). Employing only public-domain software, this book presents a unique overview of numerical and programming techniques, including object-oriented programming, elementary and advanced topics in numerical analysis, physical system modelling, scientific graphics, software engineering and performance issues. Compact, transparent code in all three programming languages is applied to the fundamental equations of quantum mechanics, electromagnetics, mechanics and statistical mechanics. Uncommented versions of the code that can be immediately modified and adapted are provided online for the more involved programs. This compact, practical text is an invaluable introduction for students in all undergraduate- and graduate-level courses in the physical sciences or engineering that require numerical modelling, and also a key reference for instructors and scientific programmers.
09CE86DE	In the call-by-value lambda-calculus solvable terms have been characterised by means of call-by-name reductions, which is disappointing and requires complex reasonings. We introduce the value-substitution lambda-calculus, a simple calculus borrowing ideas from Herbelin and Zimmerman’s call-by-value λCBV calculus and from Accattoli and Kesner’s substitution calculus λsub. In this new setting, we characterise solvable terms as those terms having normal form with respect to a suitable restriction of the rewriting relation.
7EFE6622	Two strategies of randomized search, namely adaptive cluster covering (ACCO), and adaptive cluster covering with descent (ACD), are introduced and positioned in the group of the global optimization techniques. Several algorithms based on these new strategies are compared with other techniques of global randomized search in terms of effectiveness, efficiency and reliability. The other techniques include two versions of multistart, two versions of the controlled random search (CRS2 and CRS4) and the canonical genetic algorithm. Thirteen minimization problems including two parameter identification problems (for a flexible membrane mirror model and a hydrologic model) are solved. The algorithm ACCO, and a version of CRS4 algorithm (Ali and Storey 1994) show the highest efficiency, effectiveness and reliability. The second new algorithm, ACD, is in some runs very efficient and effective, but its reliability needs further improvement.
5CC5E166	The aim of this paper is to demonstrate the actual status of the usage of certain "exceptional" expressions in English: when/where-clauses in defining sentences and if-clauses which serve as subject complements in sentences such as The only way she'd believe it is if she heard it from my lips. While these sentences have been criticized as nonstandard by some grammarians,current corpus-based studies reveal that they are used more often than expected because of several pragmatic properties. The following discussion shows that the corpus-based descriptions and pragmatic interpretation of these expressions may contribute to a better understanding of them and shed some light on the description of definitions in EFL dictionaries.
5FD89745	Learning video concept detectors from social media sources, such as Flickr images and YouTube videos, has the potential to address a wide variety of concept queries for video search. While the potential has been recognized by many, and progress on the topic has been impressive, we argue that two key questions, i.e., What visual tagging source is most suited for selecting positive training examples to learn video concepts? and What strategy should be used for selecting positive examples from tagged sources?, remain open. As an initial attempt to answer the two questions, we conduct an experimental study using a video search engine which is capable of learning concept detectors from social media, be it socially tagged videos or socially tagged images. Within the video search engine we investigate six strategies of positive examples selection. The performance is evaluated on the challenging TRECVID benchmark 2011 with 400 hours of Internet videos. The new experiments lead to novel and nontrivial findings: (1) tagged images are a better source for learning video concepts from the web, (2) selecting tag relevant examples as positives for learning video concepts is always beneficial and it can be done automatically and (3) the best source and strategy compare favorably against several present-day methods.
7E13614A	This paper focuses on data collected from sites that have been identified through literature as cities that have utilised cultural industries as a means to create economic development, increased tourism and a 'better place to live'. Community values and the impact of cultural/creative industries on a community are discussed and it will reveal key links and outcomes of interviews from local government practitioners and institution managers from Spain and Canada. The scoping research contributes to the understanding of city revitalisation strategy through culture and arts and the impact of Local Government Authorities around the influence of cultural industries on a place. It directly contributes to: the practices undertaken by Councils; the influence of Council policies and procedures on institutions; tools, procedures, activities utilised as public organisations to consult with their community to make decisions; and how these improve the amenity of the city.
756A4550	Previously developed sphere-of-control (SOC) concepts are used to develop a scenario for post-process recovery. An information structure provides the recovery boundary around the effects of the usage of a resource. Rules for building this structure are addressed, and the capability for searching backward in time is identified to determine the source of error and possible recovery strategies.
7C309DB6	Mental health nurses will play an important role in the administration of the routine outcome measures currently being implemented across Australia, including the Health of the Nation Outcome Scales (HoNOS). Prior research has implied that sources of information may be responsible in part for the mixed reliability and validity of the HoNOS. This study examines which sources of information clinicians use when making a HoNOS rating. Twenty-one mental health clinicians that had been using the HoNOS routinely for 2 years were surveyed to determine the sources of information they used when making a rating. In addition, 12 specific HoNOS ratings were reviewed to obtain data about 'actual' sources utilized. More than half of all information used when completing a HoNOS rating was obtained from interviewing the client or from direct observation of the client. The main secondary sources used included medical records and consulting with family and carers and other staff. Collateral information from general practitioners and police was used in only a small percentage of cases. There was high variability amongst clinicians with regard to how much each source was used. Training mental health workers in routine use of the HoNOS should encourage clinicians to use a range of sources of information when making a rating.
1149CB67	This paper uncovers the specific properties of “which NP do”, “that NP do” and “this NP do” constructions. Based on a thorough analysis of electronic corpora, it lays bare a factitive meaning shared by the various forms of the verb do, provided the latter takes some complementation (verbal in the case of auxiliary do, nominal in the case of transitive do). In “which NP do”, “that NP do” and “this NP do” constructions notably, this underlying semantic unity appears to blur the boundary between lexical and grammatical occurrences of the verb do, thus obscuring the syntactic differences between the lexical verb and the auxiliary.
7DEBD3B9	The concept of syntactical duality is central in logic. In particular, the duality defined by classical negation, or more syntactically by left and right in sequents, has been widely used to relate logic and computations. We study the proof/test duality proposed by Girard in his 1999 paper on the meaning of logical rules. In detail, starting from the notion of “test” proposed by Girard, we develop a notion of test for intuitionistic logic and we give a complete deductive system whose computational interpretation is the target language of the call-by-value and call-by-name continuation passing style translations.
7C7788C3	Determining transmission electron microscope specimen thickness is an essential prerequisite for carrying out quantitative microscopy. The convergent beam electron diffraction method is highly accurate but provides information only on the small region being probed and is only applicable to crystalline phases. Thickness mapping with an energy filter is rapid, maps an entire field of view and can be applied to both crystalline and amorphous phases. However, the thickness map is defined in terms of the mean free path for energy loss (lambda), which must be known in order to determine the thickness. Convergent beam electron diffraction and thickness mapping methods were used to determine lambda for two materials, Si and P91 steel. These represent best- and worst-case scenario materials, respectively, for this type of investigation, owing to their radically different microstructures. The effects of collection angle and the importance of dynamical diffraction contrast are also examined. By minimizing diffraction contrast effects in thickness maps, reasonably accurate (+/-15%) values of lambda were obtained for P91 and accuracies of +/-5% were obtained for Si. The correlation between the convergent beam electron diffraction-derived thickness and the log intensity ratios from thickness maps also permits estimation of the thickness of amorphous layers on the upper and lower surfaces of transmission electron microscope specimens. These estimates were evaluated for both Si and P91 using cross-sectional transmission electron microscopy and were found to be quite accurate.