7928B626	According to the existing mining algorithm of fuzzy association rules, a novel fuzzy positive and negative association rules algorithm will be proposed in this paper. We focus on the membership function of fuzzy set and minimum support parameters of positive and negative association rules and adopt a method that selects parameters automatically which is based on the k-means clustering. Besides, multi-level fuzzy support and correlation coefficient are chosen to restrain the quantity and quality of rules generated by the algorithm. Finally the validity and accuracy of the algorithm are proved by an experiment.
7F39395E	The objective of data mining is to discover relationships among the data in a database. Temporal information can be used to provide a linear ordering on the occurrence of events, to determine inter-event relevance, and to link events in a data stream. The use of event linking extends the type of relationships that can be discovered. Standard market-basket analysis identifies co-occurrence in single transactions. Linking permits the discovery of relationships that occur among groups of events rather than strictly within a single event. Events may be linked by the source of the information, by relevancy constraints, and by duration. In this paper, we examine modifications to the a priori data mining algorithm suitable for identifying relationships in temporal data defined using event linking and fuzzy relevance constraints.
75D77997	N-list is a novel data structure proposed in recent years. It has been proven to be very efficient for mining frequent itemsets. In this paper, we present PrePost+, a high-performance algorithm for mining frequent itemsets. It employs N-list to represent itemsets and directly discovers frequent itemsets using a set-enumeration search tree. Especially, it employs an efficient pruning strategy named Children–Parent Equivalence pruning to greatly reduce the search space. We have conducted extensive experiments to evaluate PrePost+ against three state-of-the-art algorithms, which are PrePost, FIN, and FP-growth∗, on six various real datasets. The experimental results show that PrePost+ is always the fastest one on all datasets. Moreover, PrePost+ also demonstrates good performance in terms of memory consumption since it use only a litter more memory than FP-growth∗ and less memory than PrePost and FIN.
7C76EEAD	Sequence constraint mainly considers the occurrence time of item, which can determine whether an association rule is valid. This paper proposes a novel algorithm SeqARM that aims to mine strong association rule with sequence constraint and runs on the second phase of association rule mining. SeqARM employs a fine data structure, named FI-Tree, which is used to save and find frequent itemsets according to a few characteristics of association rule. This work can dramatically reduce the number of invalid association rules, and speed up the procedure of association rules. At last, the experiments prove that SeqARM can improve the performance and effect of the association rule mining. 
758386E7	There were some problems in traditional mining algorithm of association rules: a lot of candidate itemsets and communication traffic. Aiming at these problems, this paper proposed a fast mining algorithm of association rules based on cloud computing, namely, FMAAR algorithm. Firstly, the frequent items were found. Secondly, the FP-tree was created and the frequent itemsets were mined by FP-growth algorithm. Finally, the association rules were got by cloud computing. The experimental results suggest that FMAAR algorithm is fast and effective.
803958B8	Traditional FP-growth algorithm adopts FP-tree structure to express association of item sets in transaction sets and finds all of frequent item sets recursively. The algorithm increases the time complexity and the space complexity in calculating conditional pattern base, because it backtracks the same paths many times. As to the above defects, a FPIFM algorithm is presented in the paper. The algorithm stores all of precursor nodes of every node in the node domain, then the sub-condition pattern base of every node are calculated. Finally, sub-condition pattern base are combined and ergodic nodes are released. Experimental result shows that FPIFM algorithm is superior to the traditional FP-growth algorithm.
7DB00C37	There are excessive and disordered rules generated by traditional approaches of association rule mining, many of which are redundant, so that they are difficult for users to understand and make use of. Agrawal et al pointed out the bottleneck of transaction number increase association rules according to the index increase. To solve this problem, a new method was represented, which is based on restricted conditional probability distribution to get a condensed rules set by removing redundant rules. Our set of rules is more meaningful, more concise and users are interested in than others. Especially, the number of rules in rules-set has been reduced greatly. We find that it is an effective method of association rules mining from examples, finally poses future research.
7FBED1F0	The study of comparative online opinions is about sorting comparative sentences out of given sentences. This study, which is focused on the documents in Korean, may be the first of its kind in Korea although there have been a few of such studies in English spoken countries. In this study, 39 words –the most frequently used in the comparative sentences– were identified for the extraction of comparative sentences; especially, of the 39 words, this study is focused on the word ‘boda’, which is the most frequently occurring in Korean comparative sentences in identifying the rules for distinguishing the comparative sentences. The Korean word ‘boda’ is a proposition that has the same role as the English word, ‘than’; and if used as an adverb, ‘more’. In total, 11 rules were found in the observation of commodity review documents in blogs using the word ‘boda’. The study might be applied to a comparative search, on the internet, of a commodity or other object as well as an elementary technology of Opinion Mining.
3904875F	Among mining algorithms based on association rules, Apriori technique, mining frequent itermsets and interesting associations in transaction database, is not only the first used association rule mining technique but also the most popular one. After studying, it is found out that the traditional Apriori algorithms have two major bottlenecks: scanning the database frequently; generating a large number of candidate sets. Based on the inherent defects of Apriori algorithm, some related improvements are carried out: 1) using new database mapping way to avoid scanning the database repeatedly; 2) further pruning frequent itemsets and candidate itemsets in order to improve joining efficiency; 3) using overlap strategy to count support to achieve high efficiency. Under the same conditions, the results illustrate that the proposed improved Apriori algorithm improves the operating efficiency compared with other improved algorithms.
7625CC46	This paper presents a method for designing autonomous classifiers via multi-objective genetic algorithms. The paper also proposes a novel objective measure to quantify the understandability of the classifiers. The other objectives of the classifiers are classification accuracy and average support value. We experimentally evaluate our approach on five different medical dataset and demonstrate that our algorithm encourages us to improve and apply this strategy in many real-world applications.
75DAF306	Building a high accuracy classifier for classification is a problem in real applications. One high accuracy classifier used for this purpose is based on association rules. In the past, some researches showed that classification based on association rules (or class-association rules – CARs) has higher accuracy than that of other rule-based methods such as ILA and C4.5. However, mining CARs consumes more time because it mines a complete rule set. Therefore, improving the execution time for mining CARs is one of the main problems with this method that needs to be solved. In this paper, we propose a new method for mining class-association rule. Firstly, we design a tree structure for the storage frequent itemsets of datasets. Some theorems for pruning nodes and computing information in the tree are developed after that, and then, based on the theorems, we propose an efficient algorithm for mining CARs. Experimental results show that our approach is more efficient than those used previously.
7E1605C9	The explosive growth of Internet has given rise to many websites which maintain large amount of user information. To utilize this information, identifying usage pattern of users is very important. Web usage mining is one of the processes of finding out this usage pattern and has many practical applications. Our paper discusses how association rules can be used to discover patterns in web usage mining. Our discussion starts with preprocessing of the given weblog, followed by clustering them and finding association rules. These rules provide knowledge that helps to improve website design, in advertising, web personalization 
786FC6C6	In mining association rules, Item sets with high-length usually has lower support, but still have potential value. To mine efficacious association rules under long-pattern, a new mining method of efficacious association rules is proposed under length-decreasing support constraint. Compare to other mining methods of association rules, the new method can mine more efficacious long-patterns and improve correlation between the antecedent and the consequent of the rules.
77DCB86E	Class association rules (CARs) are basically used to build a classification model for prediction; they can also be used to describe correlations between itemsets and class labels. The latter is very popular in mining medical data. For example, epidemiologists often consider rules which indicate the relations between risk factors (itemsets) and HIV test results (class labels). However, in the real world, end users are often interested in a subset of class association rules. Particularly, they may consider only rules which contain at least one itemset from a user-defined set of itemsets in the rule antecedent. For example, when classifying which populations are at high risk for HIV infection, epidemiologists often concentrate on rules that include demographic information such as sex, age, and marital status in rule antecedents. Two naive strategies are to solve this problem by applying the itemset constraints into the pre-processing or post-processing step. However, such approaches are time-intensive. This paper thus proposes an efficient method for integrating the constraints into the class association rule mining process. The experimental results show that the proposed algorithm outperforms two basic approaches in the mining time and the memory consumption. The practical benefits of our method are demonstrated by a real-life application in the HIV/AIDS domain.
7B021E65	Classification plays an important role in decision support systems. A lot of methods for mining classification rules have been developed in recent years, such as C4.5 and ILA. These methods are, however, based on heuristics and greedy approaches to generate rule sets that are either too general or too overfitting for a given dataset. They thus often yield high error ratios. Recently, a new method for classification from data mining, called the Classification Based on Associations (CBA), has been proposed for mining class-association rules (CARs). This method has more advantages than the heuristic and greedy methods in that the former could easily remove noise, and the accuracy is thus higher. It can additionally generate a rule set that is more complete than C4.5 and ILA. One of the weaknesses of mining CARs is that it consumes more time than C4.5 and ILA because it has to check its generated rule with the set of the other rules. We thus propose an efficient pruning approach to build a classifier quickly. Firstly, we design a lattice structure and propose an algorithm for fast mining CARs using this lattice. Secondly, we develop some theorems and propose an algorithm for pruning redundant rules quickly based on these theorems. Experimental results also show that the proposed approach is more efficient than those used previously.
7F0793EE	In this paper, the problem of text representation in the process of text mining is mainly discussed. The paper focuses on how to simplify the text model in advance of the construction of term-by-document matrix. By using association rules mining method to find the highly correlative words to form words-set, the vocabulary set is decreased effectively, which leads to the text model’s simplification directly. During this process, some incremental update problems of text representation are also introduced. In the end, a simulation case validate that the method is not only efficient but also helpful to the further text clustering.
125C2D50	The missions for the police and fire fighters are to protect for public safety and to fight and prevent from fires, respectively. In this dynamic environment, however, there are many potential dangers and uncertain factors that can’t be predicted. In order to improve the total performance, some rules extracted from criminal and fire-fighting records are needed. The purpose of this paper is to mine association rules from a database to support crime management or fire-fighting resources allocation. The mining procedure consists of two essential modules. One is a clustering module based on a neural network, a Self-Organization Map (SOM),which performs grouping tasks on the tremendous number of database records. The another is a rule extraction module applying rough set theory that can extract association rules for each homogeneous cluster and the relationships between different clusters. An example is for illustration.
77CF6D31	The alarm correlation analysis based on multi-level fuzzy association rules mining is the cutting-edge field of the network fault diagnosis research. In the application environment of alarms in communication networks, multi-level fuzzy association rules mining algorithms are proposed, and two strategies are adopted to set minimum support, which are multiple minimum supports and one minimum support. Simulations are carried out to the comparison of algorithms under the two strategies. Multi-level fuzzy association rules mining of alarms is effectively realized. The advantages and efficiency of algorithms are demonstrated by the experiments.
58C99660	Constraint-based rule miners find all rules in a given dataset meeting user-specified constraints such as minimum support and confidence. We describe a new algorithm that directly exploits all user-specified constraints including minimum support, minimum confidence, and a new constraint that ensures every mined rule offers a predictive advantage over any of its simplifications. Our algorithm maintains efficiency even at low supports on data that is dense (e.g. relational data). Previous approaches such as Apriori and its variants exploit only the minimum support constraint, and as a result are ineffective on dense data date to a combinatorial explosion of "frequent itemsets".
75691E95	Association rule mining (ARM), as a useful method to discover relations between attributes of objects, has been widely studied. The previous methods focused on ARM either from a certain dataset with different type attributes, or from a probabilistic dataset with only Boolean attributes. However, little work on ARM from a probabilistic dataset with coexistence of different type attributes has been mentioned. Such dataset is named Heterogeneous Probabilistic Dataset (HPD), which is prevalent in the real-world applications. This paper develops a generic framework to discover association rules from a HPD. Considering the different type data in the dataset, we first convert a HPD to a probabilistic dataset with fuzzy sets by fuzzification. A novel Shannon-like Entropy is then introduced to measure the information of an item with coexistence of fuzzy uncertainty hidden in different type data and random uncertainty in the transformed dataset. Based on this Shannon-like Entropy, Support and Confidence degrees for such multi-uncertain dataset are defined. Finally, we design an Apriori-like algorithm to mine association rules from a HPD using the above measures. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm for HPD is feasible and effective.
77CF6D31	The alarm correlation analysis based on multi-level fuzzy association rules mining is the cutting-edge field of the network fault diagnosis research. In the application environment of alarms in communication networks, multi-level fuzzy association rules mining algorithms are proposed, and two strategies are adopted to set minimum support, which are multiple minimum supports and one minimum support. Simulations are carried out to the comparison of algorithms under the two strategies. Multi-level fuzzy association rules mining of alarms is effectively realized. The advantages and efficiency of algorithms are demonstrated by the experiments.
58C99660	Constraint-based rule miners find all rules in a given dataset meeting user-specified constraints such as minimum support and confidence. We describe a new algorithm that directly exploits all user-specified constraints including minimum support, minimum confidence, and a new constraint that ensures every mined rule offers a predictive advantage over any of its simplifications. Our algorithm maintains efficiency even at low supports on data that is dense (e.g. relational data). Previous approaches such as Apriori and its variants exploit only the minimum support constraint, and as a result are ineffective on dense data date to a combinatorial explosion of "frequent itemsets".
75691E95	Association rule mining (ARM), as a useful method to discover relations between attributes of objects, has been widely studied. The previous methods focused on ARM either from a certain dataset with different type attributes, or from a probabilistic dataset with only Boolean attributes. However, little work on ARM from a probabilistic dataset with coexistence of different type attributes has been mentioned. Such dataset is named Heterogeneous Probabilistic Dataset (HPD), which is prevalent in the real-world applications. This paper develops a generic framework to discover association rules from a HPD. Considering the different type data in the dataset, we first convert a HPD to a probabilistic dataset with fuzzy sets by fuzzification. A novel Shannon-like Entropy is then introduced to measure the information of an item with coexistence of fuzzy uncertainty hidden in different type data and random uncertainty in the transformed dataset. Based on this Shannon-like Entropy, Support and Confidence degrees for such multi-uncertain dataset are defined. Finally, we design an Apriori-like algorithm to mine association rules from a HPD using the above measures. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm for HPD is feasible and effective
7FC4817A	In this paper, we first describe the classical Apriori Algorithm. And then, we present the defects exist in this algorithm. Such as spending a lot of time to produce the candidate item-sets, scanning the database in a simple method, and so on. At last we promote our improved Apriori Algorithm which consists of three parts. The first part is reducing the number of judgments, and the second part is reducing the number of candidate frequent item-sets. The last part is optimizing the database. And the experimental results proved our improvement
7AF1A138	This paper presents an adaptive support for Boolean algorithm for mining association rules, the Algorithm does not require minimum support from outside, in the mining process of the algorithm will be based on user needs the minimum number of rules automatically adjust the scope of support to produce the specific number of rules, the algorithm number of rules for the user needs to generate the rules to a certain extent, reduce excavation time, avoid the artificial blindness specified minimum support. In addition, the core of the algorithm is using an efficient method of Boolean-type mining, using the logical OR, AND, and XOR operations to generate association rules, to avoided the candidate itemsets generated In the mining process, and only need to scan the database once, so the algorithm has a certain efficiency. 
75BAACB0	Distributed data mining of association rules is an area of data mining which intends to find association rules over items geographically across the network. Several researches have been performed in this field as applications have started to exploit distributed databases. Discovering rare association rules is a new area of distributed mining research. In this paper, an algorithm for discovering rare association rules in distributed environment is proposed. It utilized the idea of using statistic percentile to produce multiple minimum supports to mine rare association rules. Finally, the proposed algorithm has been implemented and evaluated by comparing with the Optimized Distributed Association rule Mining (ODAM) algorithm and the Apriori with Multiple Support Generating by statistic Percentile threshold (Apriori MSG-P) algorithm. The result shows that the proposed algorithm can discover more rare association rules with an optimized communication cost.
80DA7A1A	Service Discovery in Mobile Ad hoc Networks (MANET) is a difficult task because of the dynamic nature of such networks. The availability of the services in MANET varies with respect to time and location. However, the service discovery requests issued by a consumer in one session are correlated, in most of the cases. If we can find out the correlation among the services and piggyback one service response with others in advance, we can gain improvement in performance. By utilizing this correlation property among service discovery requests, we have proposed a novel approach to Service Discovery in Mobile Ad hoc Networks. We have simulated the proposed approach in JIST/SWANS simulator and the results have shown significant performance improvement.
7B422C76	Frequent pattern mining generates a lot of candidates, which requires a lot of memory usage and mining time. In real applications, a small number of frequent patterns are used. Therefore, the mining of top-rank-k frequent patterns, which limits the number of mined frequent patterns by ranking them in frequency, has received increasing interest. This paper proposes the iNTK algorithm, which is an improved version of the NTK algorithm, for mining top-rank-k frequent patterns. This algorithm employs an N-list structure to represent patterns. The subsume concept is used to speed up the process of mining top-rank-k patterns. The experiments are conducted to evaluate iNTK and NTK in terms of mining time and memory usage for eight datasets. The experimental results show that iNTK is more efficient and faster than NTK.
799A5A1E	We consider the problem of mining association rules over interval data (that is, ordered data for which the separation between data points has meaning). We show that the measures of what rules are most important (also called rule interest) that are used for mining nominal and ordinal data do not capture the semantics of interval data. In the presence of interval data, support and confidence are no longer intuitive measures of the interest of a rule. We propose a new definition of interest for association rules that takes into account the semantics of interval data. We developed an algorithm for mining association rules under the new definition and overview our experience using the algorithm on large real-life datasets.
5B374230	The class of a priori algorithms are popular association rule mining techniques. However, these algorithms are computationally expensive. The authors propose another novel approach to extract association rules. The method represents an itemset information as a cell of a hypercube. The hypercube encodes associations between the items of each transaction. Apart from proposing the main result, we also propose linguistic association rules. Linguistic association rules encode fuzzy information and represent summarized rules.
7A8305D1	An algorithm for distributed mining association rules with constraints called DMCASE is presented using Sampling and constraint-based Eclat algorithm. At each database site, sampling algorithm and constraint-based Eclat algorithm are implemented. And the local frequent itemsets satisfying constraints are developed. They then are combined to global frequent itemsets satisfying constraints based on inductive learning method. DMCASE algorithm scans the whole database only once. It is also an algorithm with high efficiency. Results from our experiments show that the algorithm is an effective way to resolve the problem of distributed mining association rules with constraints
7CDEC4FC	The traditional association rule mining framework produces many redundant rules. The extent of redundancy is a lot larger than previously suspected. We present a new framework for associations based on the concept of closed frequent itemsets. The number of non-redundant rules produced by the new approach is exponentially (in the length of the longest frequent itemset) smaller than the rule set from the traditional approach. Experiments using several “hard” as well as “easy” real and synthetic databases confirm the utility of our frame- work in terms of reduction in the number of rules presented to the user, and in terms of time.
7FD11787	Distributed data mining and in particular grid-enabled data mining has become an active area of research and development in recent years. As the amount of available digital electronic data is growing at an unprecedented rate, it is necessary to provide general data mining algorithms that help to leverage grid capacity in supporting high-performance distributed computing for solving their data mining problem in a distributed way. In this paper, an optimal multi-strategy based hybrid distribution (MBHD) algorithm based on knowledge grid is proposed for performance improvement over current grid-based association rule mining algorithms. With the optimization polices based on auction model and timestamp mechanism, MBHD algorithm effectively solves the load imbalance problem in grid environment and decreases the communication overhead. The response time performance of MBHD algorithm with different numbers of hosts and minimum supports is analyzed by experiments. The numerical results show that MBHD is efficient and performs better than count distribution (CD) algorithm, intelligent data distribution (IDD) algorithm and hybrid distribution (HD) algorithm.
7B217281	Association rule mining problems can be considered as a multi-objective problem rather than as a single objective one. Measures like support count, comprehensibility and interestingness, used for evaluating a rule can be thought of as different objectives of association rule mining problem. Support count is the number of records, which satisfies all the conditions present in the rule. This objective gives the accuracy of the rules extracted from the database. Comprehensibility is measured by the number of attributes involved in the rule and tries to quantify the understandability of the rule. Interestingness measures how much interesting the rule is.Using these three measures as the objectives of rule mining problem, this article uses a Pareto based genetic algorithm to extract some useful and interesting rules from any market-basket type database. Based on experimentation, the algorithm has been found suitable for large databases.
7E1FA517	Regulatory 5′ untranslated regions (r5′UTRs) of mRNAs such as riboswitches modulate the expression of genes involved in varied biological processes in both bacteria and eukaryotes. New high-throughput sequencing technologies could provide powerful tools for discovery of novel r5′UTRs, but the size and complexity of the datasets generated by these technologies makes it difficult to differentiate r5′UTRs from the multitude of other types of RNAs detected. Here, we developed and implemented a bioinformatic approach to identify putative r5′UTRs from within large datasets of RNAs recently identified by pyrosequencing of the Vibrio cholerae small transcriptome. This screen yielded only ∼1% of all non-overlapping RNAs along with 75% of previously annotated r5′UTRs and 69 candidate V. cholerae r5′UTRs. These candidates include several putative functional homologues of diverse r5′UTRs characterized in other species as well as numerous candidates upstream of genes involved in pathways not known to be regulated by r5′UTRs, such as fatty acid oxidation and peptidoglycan catabolism. Two of these novel r5′UTRs were experimentally validated using a GFP reporter-based approach. Our findings suggest that the number and diversity of pathways regulated by r5′UTRs has been underestimated and that deep sequencing-based transcriptomics will be extremely valuable in the search for novel r5′UTRs.
77EDEA18	Biclustering is a popular method for micro array dataset analysis. It allows for condition set and gene set points clustering simultaneously. However, the noisy data in micro array may disturb the mining results. In order to reduce the influence of noise and find more biological biclusters, we propose an algorithm, FT Cluster, to mine fault-tolerant biclusters in micro array dataset. Unlike traditional fault-tolerant biclusters mining algorithms, FT Cluster uses several novel techniques to improve the efficiency. It also adopts several techniques to generate relaxed biclusters without candidate maintenance. The experimental results show FT Cluster is more effective than traditional algorithms. The biological significance of FT Cluster is evaluated by Gene Ontology and the results show FT Cluster can find larger biological relevant biclusters.
580F7540	Bioinformatics databases are highly heterogeneous, not only do they differ in their representation but they also offer radically different query capabilities across the diverse information held in distributed resources. The need to extract and link knowledge from these very large databases is increasing. So there is a critical need for innovative information management and knowledge discovery tools and techniques to sift through this heterogeneous data to recover appropriate data and analyse it. Data mining is a particular step of the Database Discovery Knowledge (DDK) process. It is the iterative and interactive process of discovering valid,novel, useful and understandable patterns or data sets in these databases. We will investigate the structure of a system that allows users to access such databases to extract knowledge and patterns of interest, while not needing to be aware of the representation details in the individual resources.
773CCE57	We introduce the problem of mining association rules in large relational tables containing both quantitative and categorical attributes. An example of such an association might be "10% of married people between age 50 and 60 have at least 2 cars". We deal with quantitative attributes by fine-partitioning the values of the attribute and then combining adjacent partitions as necessary. We introduce measures of partial completeness which quantify the information lost due to partitioning. A direct application of this technique can generate too many similar rules. We tackle this problem by using a "greater-than-expected-value" interest measure to identify the interesting rules in the output. We give an algorithm for mining such quantitative association rules. Finally, we describe the results of using this approach on a real-life dataset.
812313D9	We are given a large database of customer transactions. Each transaction consists of items purchased by a customer in a visit. We present an efficient algorithm that generates all significant association rules between items in the database. The algorithm incorporates buffer management and novel estimation and pruning techniques. We also present results of applying this algorithm to sales data obtained from a large retailing company, which shows the effectiveness of the algorithm.
77E03AE8	Over the last years, energy consumption has become a first-class citizen in software development practice. While energy-efficient solutions on lower-level layers of the software stack are well-established, there is convincing evidence that even better results can be achieved by encouraging practitioners to participate in the process. For instance, previous work has shown that using a newer version of a concurrent data structure can yield a 2.19x energy savings when compared to the old associative implementation [75]. Nonetheless, little is known about how much software engineers are employing energy-efficient solutions in their applications and what solutions they employ for improving energy-efficiency. In this paper we present a qualitative study of "energy-aware commits". Using Github as our primary data source, we perform a thorough analysis on an initial sample of 2,189 commits and carefully curate a set of 371 energy-aware commits spread over 317 real-world non-trivial applications. Our study reveals that software developers heavily rely on low-level energy management approaches, such as frequency scaling and multiple levels of idleness. Also, our findings suggest that ill-chosen energy saving techniques can impact the correctness of an application. Yet, we found what we call "energy-aware interfaces", which are means for clients (e.g., Developers or end-users) to save energy in their applications just by using a function, abstracting away the low-level implementation details.
7F1292EE	Summary from only given. Association rule mining is based on the assumption that users can specify the minimum-support for mining their databases. It has been identified that setting the minimum support is a difficult task to users. This can hamper the widespread applications of these algorithms. This paper proposes a method for computing minimum supports for each item. It therefore will run the fuzzy multi-level mining algorithm for extracting knowledge implicit in quantitative transactions, immediately. More specifically, our algorithms automatically generate actual minimum-supports according to users' mining requirements. In order to address this need, the new approach can express tow profits includes computing the minimum support for each item regarding to characteristic for each item in database and making a system automation. We considered an algorithm that can cover the multiple level association rules under multiple item supports. We experimentally examine the algorithms using a dataset, and demonstrate that our algorithm fittingly approximates actual minimum-supports from the commonly-used requirements.
741F28C3	Describe set-oriented algorithms for mining association rules. Such algorithms imply performing multiple joins and may appear to be inherently less efficient than special-purpose algorithms. We develop new algorithms that can be expressed as SQL queries, and discuss the optimization of these algorithms. After analytical evaluation, an algorithm named SETM emerges as the algorithm of choice. SETM uses only simple database primitives, viz. sorting and merge-scan join. SETM is simple, fast and stable over the range of parameter values. The major contribution of this paper is that it shows that at least some aspects of data mining can be carried out by using general query languages such as SQL, rather than by developing specialized black-box algorithms. The set-oriented nature of SETM facilitates the development of extensions.
790E2232	In this paper, we examine the issue of mining association rules among items in a large database of sales transactions. The mining of association rules can be mapped into the problem of discovering large itemsets where a large itemset is a group of items which appear in a sufficient number of transactions. The problem of discovering large itemsets can be solved by constructing a candidate set of itemsets first and then, identifying, within this candidate set, those itemsets that meet the large itemset requirement. Generally this is done iteratively for each large k-itemset in increasing order of k where a large k-itemset is a large itemset with k items. To determine large itemsets from a huge number of candidate large itemsets in early iterations is usually the dominating factor for the overall data mining performance. To address this issue, we propose an effective hash-based algorithm for the candidate set generation. Explicitly, the number of candidate 2-itemsets generated by the proposed algorithm is, in orders of magnitude, smaller than that by previous methods, thus resolving the performance bottleneck. Note that the generation of smaller candidate sets enables us to effectively trim the transaction database size at a much earlier stage of the iterations, thereby reducing the computational cost for later iterations significantly. Extensive simulation study is conducted to evaluate performance of the proposed algorithm.
75F1376C	Computer logs are generated by application activities, network accesses and system audit, which are important data sources for user pattern mining, computer forensic analysis, intrusion detection analysis and outlier detection. Algorithms for mining association rule are useful methods to find interesting rules implied in large computer log data. But existing algorithms which based on confidence and support are unfit for mining computer log data, many uninteresting rules will be generated and useful rules will be shadowed. To solve this problem, the concept of key attributes of network log data is introduced, and an algorithm with key attributes constraints for mining interesting association rules in network log data is designed. Experimental result shows that the number of uninteresting rules can be reduced effectively and the validity of rules which mined are improved.
7628F265	Mining class association rules (CARs) is an essential, but time-intensive task in Associative Classification (AC). A number of algorithms have been proposed to speed up the mining process. However, sequential algorithms are not efficient for mining CARs in large datasets while existing parallel algorithms require communication and collaboration among computing nodes which introduces the high cost of synchronization. This paper addresses these drawbacks by proposing three efficient approaches for mining CARs in large datasets relying on parallel computing. To date, this is the first study which tries to implement an algorithm for parallel mining CARs on a computer with the multi-core processor architecture. The proposed parallel algorithm is theoretically proven to be faster than existing parallel algorithms. The experimental results also show that our proposed parallel algorithm outperforms a recent sequential algorithm in mining time.
774A3058	Frequent closed patterns (FCPs), a condensed representation of frequent patterns, have been proposed for the mining of (minimal) non-redundant association rules to improve performance in terms of memory usage and mining time. Recently, the N-list structure has been proven to be very efficient for mining frequent patterns. This study proposes an N-list-based algorithm for mining FCPs called NAFCP. Two theorems for fast determining FCPs based on the N-list structure are proposed. The N-list structure provides a much more compact representation compared to previously proposed vertical structures, reducing the memory usage and mining time required for mining FCPs. The experimental results show that NAFCP outperforms previous algorithms in terms of runtime and memory usage in most cases.
80DE0766	Mining frequent closed itemsets provides complete and nonredundant results for frequent pattern analysis. Extensive studies have proposed various strategies for efficient frequent closed itemset mining, such as depth-first search vs. breadthfirst search, vertical formats vs. horizontal formats, treestructure vs. other data structures, top-down vs. bottomup traversal, pseudo projection vs. physical projection of conditional database, etc. It is the right time to ask “what are the pros and cons of the strategies? ” and “what and how can we pick and integrate the best strategies to achieve higher performance in general cases?” In this study, we answer the above questions by a systematic study of the search strategies and develop a winning algorithm CLOSET+. CLOSET+ integrates the advantages of the previously proposed effective strategies as well as some ones newly developed here. A thorough performance study on synthetic and real data sets has shown the advantages of the strategies and the improvement of CLOSET+ over existing mining algorithms, including CLOSET, CHARM and OP, in terms of runtime, memory usage and scalability.
5A9FB7CC	There have been proposed efficient ways of enumerating all the association rules that are interesting with respect to support, confidence, or other measures. In contrast, we examine the optimization problem of computing the optimal association rule that maximizes the significance of the correlation between the assumption and the conclusion of the rule. We propose a parallel branch-and-bound graph search algorithm tailored to this problem. The key features of the design are (1) novel branch-and-bound heuristics, and (2) a rule of rewriting conjunctions that avoids maintaining the list of visited nodes. Experiments on two different types of large-scale shared-memory multi-processors confirm that the speed-up of the computation time scales almost linearly with the number of processors, and the size of search space could be dramatically reduced by the branch-and-bound heuristics.
76B731B9	In this paper, we describe the basic concepts of multidimensional sets and multidimensional association rules, and propose a improved algorithm of association rule mining based on multidimensional sets. This algorithm can find out the maximal frequent item sets of each dimensional subset, and at the same time pruning the database, this can substantially reduce the workload of the subsequent mining and lead to efficient processing. Appling the algorithm to students' synthesis marks evaluation system, analyzing the related factors which influence the students' synthesis marks, for educators to improve teaching methods, to improve the quality of talent training.	
5F32BFFF	Mining for association rules between items in a large database of sales transactions has been described as an important database mining problem. In this paper we present an efficient algorithm for mining association rules that is fundamentally different from known algorithms. Compared to the previous algorithms, our algorithm reduces both CPU and I/O overheads. In our experimental study it was found that for large databases, the CPU overhead was reduced by as much as a factor of seven and I/O was reduced by almost an order of magnitude. Hence this algorithm is especially suitable for very large size databases. The algorithm is also ideally suited for parallelization. We have performed extensive experiments and compared the performance of the algorithm with one of the best existing algorithms.
75A391A8	This paper proposes an algorithm of mining spatial topology association rules with constraint condition based on Apriori, which is used to mining spatial multilayer transverse association rules with constraint condition from large spatial database. This algorithm generates candidate frequent topological item sets via up search strategy similar to Apriori, which is suitable for mining short spatial topological frequent item sets with constraint condition. This algorithm compresses storage structure of spatial topological relation to create an integer. Via this method, firstly, the algorithm may efficiently reduce some storage space of mining database. Secondly, the algorithm is effortless to distinguish topological relation of two spatial objects, namely, it may fast compute support of candidate item sets. Finally, the algorithm is fast to connect (k+1)-candidate item sets of k-frequent item set by up search strategy. The result of experiment indicates that the algorithm of mining spatial topology association rules with constraint condition based on Apriori is able to extract spatial multilayer transverse association rules with constraint condition from spatial database via efficient data store, and it is very efficient to extract short frequent topology association rules with constraint condition.
6F7242A2	In the past several years, there has been much active work in developing algorithms for mining association rules. However, in many real-life situations, not all association rules are of interest to the user. A user may want to find association rules which satisfy a given inequality constraint for a set of quantitative items. In other words, users are more interested in the subsets of those associations. We present how to integrate the inequality constraints into the mining process and reduce the number of database scannings. The algorithm we present generates the large itemsets by building the expression tree and prunes away the undesired one by checking the acceptance range. In our work, we consider constraints of arithmetic inequalities which are composed of common operators such as +, -, *, and /. Preliminary experimental results of the algorithm in comparison with the classical a-priori algorithm are also reported.
80D95C72	Data with temporal information is constantly generated, sampled gathered and analyzed in different domains such as medicine, finances, engineering, environmental sciences to earth sciences. This paper includes temporal weighted miner (TWM) algorithm, the importance of each transaction period was first reflected by a proper weighted calculated on the various representations of time series patterns. It partitioned the time-variant database in light of weighted periods of transactions and performs weighed mining. Extensive experimental studies are conducted to evaluate the performance of the TWM. Explicitly, the execution time of TWM was in orders of magnitude, smaller then those required by other competitive schemes which were directly extended from existing methods such as Apriori.
77E4CEC3	The proposed algorithm is derived from the conventional a priori approach with features added to improve data mining performance. These features are embedded in the encoding and decoding mechanisms. It has been confirmed by the preliminary test results that these features can indeed support effective and efficient mining of association rules in large centralized databases. The goal of the encoding mechanism is to reduce the I/O time for finding large itemsets, and to economize memory usage in a predictable manner. The decoding mechanism contributes to speed up the process of identifying different items in a transaction. The performance of three different decoding methods is compared to demonstrate the potential gain delivered by any ingeniously devised decoding approach.
789DDF24	This study compares five well-known association rule algorithms using three real-world datasets and an artificial dataset. The experimental results confirm the performance improvements previously claimed by the authors on the artificial data, but some of these gains do not carry over to the real datasets, indicating overfitting of the algorithms to the IBM artificial dataset. More importantly, we found that the choice of algorithm only matters at support levels that generate more rules than would be useful in practice. For support levels that generate less than 1,000,000 rules, which is much more than humans can handle and is sufficient for prediction purposes where data is loaded into RAM, Apriori finishes processing in less than 10 minutes. On our datasets, we observed super-exponential growth in the number of rules. On one of our datasets, a 0.02% change in the support increased the number of rules from less than a million to over a billion, implying that outside a very narrow range of support values, the choice of algorithm is irrelevant.
801AD66D	In this paper, we rigorously define the problem of mining probabilistic association rules from uncertain databases. We further analyze the probability distribution space of a candidate probabilistic association rule, and propose an efficient mining algorithm with pruning to find all probabilistic association rules from uncertain databases.
7C504F77	From the standpoint of supporting human-centered discovery of knowledge, the present-day model of mining association rules suffers from the following serious shortcomings: (i) lack of user exploration and control, (ii) lack of focus, and (iii) rigid notion of relationships. In effect, this model functions as a black-box, admitting little user interaction in between. We propose, in this paper, an architecture that opens up the black-box, and supports constraint-based, human-centered exploratory mining of associations. The foundation of this architecture is a rich set of constraint constructs, including domain, class, and SQL-style aggregate constraints, which enable users to clearly specify what associations are to be mined. We propose constrained association queries as a means of specifying the constraints to be satisfied by the antecedent and consequent of a mined association. In this paper, we mainly focus on the technical challenges in guaranteeing a level of performance that is commensurate with the selectivities of the constraints in an association query. To this end, we introduce and analyze two properties of constraints that are critical to pruning: anti-monotonicity and succinctness. We then develop characterizations of various constraints into four categories, according to these properties. Finally, we describe a mining algorithm called CAP, which achieves a maximized degree of pruning for all categories of constraints. Experimental results indicate that CAP can run much faster, in some cases as much as 80 times, than several basic algorithms. This demonstrates how important the succinctness and anti-monotonicity properties are, in delivering the performance guarantee.
036E7725	Deductive databases may operate in a distributed environment. One powerful extension to a traditional deductive database is the incorporation of data mining and the use of association rules. This paper explores the issues that surround finding support and confidence for mining association rules. 
7A24714F	Class association rules play an important role in decision support systems and have thus been extensively studied. Recently, an efficient algorithm for mining class association rules, named CAR-Miner, has been proposed. It, however, consumes a lot of memory for storing the Obidsets (sets of object identifiers that contain itemsets) of itemsets and requires a lot of time to compute the intersection between two Obidsets, especially in the large datasets. This paper proposes an improved algorithm for mining class association rules that uses the difference between two Obidsets (d2O) to save memory usage and run time. Firstly, the d2O concept is developed. A strategy for reducing the storage space and computation time of d2O is then derived. Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is more efficient than CAR-Miner in terms of run time and memory usage.
815FD885	This paper proposes a novel research dimension in the field of data mining, which is mining the future data before its arrival, or in other words: predicting association rules ahead before the arrival of the data. To achieve that, we need only predict the itemsets' support, upon which association rules could be easily produced. A time series analysis approach (MFTP) is proposed to perform itemsets' support prediction task. The proposed technique outperforms other prediction techniques for short history. The conducted performance study showed good prediction accuracy and response time. Thus, we provide a new tool to provide more information in the decision support field
76957503	We introduce the problem of mining generalized association rules. Given a large database of transactions, where each transaction consists of a set of items, and a taxonomy (is-a hierarchy) on the items, we find associations between items at any level of the taxonomy. For example, given a taxonomy that says that jackets is-a outerwear is-a clothes, we may infer a rule that “people who buy outerwear tend to buy shoes”. This rule may hold even if rules that “people who buy jackets tend to buy shoes”, and “people who buy clothes tend to buy shoes” do not hold. An obvious solution to the problem is to add all ancestors of each item in a transaction to the transaction, and then run any of the algorithms for mining association rules on these “extended transactions”. However, this “Basic” algorithm is not very fast; we present two algorithms, Cumulate and EstMerge, which run 2 to 5 times faster than Basic (and more than 100 times faster on one real-life dataset). Finally, we present a new interest-measure for rules which uses the information in the taxonomy. Given a user-specified “minimum-interest-level”, this measure prunes a large number of redundant rules; 40–60% of all the rules were pruned on two real-life datasets.