7E45BA76	Two years after the first edition, a new Fingerprint Verification Competition (FVC2002) was organized by the authors, with the aim of determining the state-of-the-art in this challenging pattern recognition application. The experience and the feedback received from FVC2000 allowed the authors to improve the organization of FVC2002 and to capture the attention of a significantly higher number of academic and commercial organizations (33 algorithms were submitted). This paper discusses the FVC2002 database, the test protocol and the main differences between FVC2000 and FVC2002. The algorithm performance evaluation will be presented at the 16/sup th/ ICPR.
7FA45194	In style-constrained classification often there are onlya few samples of each style and class, and the correspondencesbetween styles in the training set and the test setare unknown. To avoid gross misestimates of the classifierparameters it is therefore important to model the patterndistributions accurately. We offer empirical evidence for intuitivelyappealing assumptions, in feature spaces appropriatefor symbolic patterns, for (1) tetrahedral configurationsof class means that suggests linear style-adaptive classification,(2) improved estimates of classification boundariesby taking into account the asymmetric configuration of thepatterns with respect to the directions toward other classes,and (3) pattern-correlated style variability.
759199FF	Fingerprint enhancement is a key issue in fingerprint minutiae extraction due to various image qualities. Most of exist fingerprint enhancement algorithms need to estimate the ridge orient and ridge distance, which are used to design the enhancement filter. However ridge distance estimation is a rather dffIcult task due to the fingerprint image quality and singularity, therefbre, the ridge distance estimate usually fails in those case and leads to enhancement algorithm failed. In this paper, we propose an AM-FM basedfingerprint image enhancement algorithm, which uses a novel Dominate Component Analysis (DGA,) technique to estimate the dominate component, and uses band pass filter to enhance those component rather than directly estimate the ridge distance, ridge orientation. Experiment results show that our enhancement algorithm leads to signflcant image quality improvement as well as the system efficient. 
7E7B912E	Fingerprint identification is based on two basic premises: (1) persistence and (2) individuality. We address the problem of fingerprint individuality by quantifying the amount of information available in minutiae features to establish a correspondence between two fingerprint images. We derive an expression which estimates the probability of a false correspondence between minutiae-based representations from two arbitrary fingerprints belonging to different fingers. Our results show that (1) contrary to the popular belief, fingerprint matching is not infallible and leads to some false associations, (2) while there is an overwhelming amount of discriminatory information present in the fingerprints, the strength of the evidence degrades drastically with noise in the sensed fingerprint images, (3) the performance of the state-of-the-art automatic fingerprint matchers is not even close to the theoretical limit, and (4) because automatic fingerprint verification systems based on minutia use only a part of the discriminatory information present in the fingerprints, it may be desirable to explore additional complementary representations of fingerprints for automatic matching.
80EC24E2	As a global feature of fingerprints, the orientation field is very important for automatic fingerprint recognition. Many algorithms have been proposed for orientation field estimation, but their results are unsatisfactory, especially for poor quality fingerprint images. In this paper, a model-based method for the computation of orientation field is proposed. First a combination model is established for the representation of the orientation field by considering its smoothness except for several singular points, in which a polynomial model is used to describe the orientation field globally and a point-charge model is taken to improve the accuracy locally at each singular point. When the coarse field is computed by using the gradient-based algorithm, a further result can be gained by using the model for a weighted approximation. Due to the global approximation, this model-based orientation field estimation algorithm has a robust performance on different fingerprint images. A further experiment shows that the performance of a whole fingerprint recognition system can be improved by applying this algorithm instead of previous orientation estimation methods.
77610135	Algorithms are identified which are best suited for an automatic fingerprint recognition system operating on low quality images. New preprocessing algorithms for noise removal and binarization are described. Three approaches to classification are investigated: a correlation classifier, and two feature-based classification schemes. The best results on a database of 80 fingerprints are obtained with spatial-frequency features. Three classifiers (neural net, linear classifier and nearest neighbour) using these features are successful in identifying an independent test set. Details of the results are shown. In conclusion suggestions are made concerning the most suitable algorithms in each of the processing steps.
77FB0890	Fingerprint matching is the most important part in the field of fingerprint recognition. In this paper, a novel fingerprint matching algorithm based on the probabilistic graphical model and 3-tree model is proposed. First, minutiae matching problems are considered as a special point-set matching. Fingerprint minutiae are viewed as random variables. Each minutia pairs have some probability to be matched. Second, an algorithm is proposed to generate the graphical model and choose "signal points", which dynamically have corresponding points in other point set. We choose three base minutiae pairs as signal pairs. Third, the model is converted into a Junction Tree. A 3-tree model is built and the potentials of other minutiae pairs are calculated through Junction Tree (J.T.) algorithm. Then we translate the matching problem into the best matching problem of a weighted bipartite graph. Finally, the number of common matching pairs can be got through maximum flow algorithm. The similarity of two fingerprints is evaluated using the number of common matching pairs and the maximal posteriori probability. In order to deal with part-matching problems, we use the smallest convex hull which contains all the matched minutiae. Experiments evaluated on FVC 2004 show both effectiveness and efficiency of our methods.
855DC306	Fingerprint recognition has found a reliable application for verification or identification of people in biometrics. Globally, fingerprints can be viewed as valuable traits due to several perceptions observed by the experts; such as the distinctiveness and the permanence on humans and the performance in real applications. Among the main stages of fingerprint recognition, the automated matching phase has received much attention from the early years up to nowadays. This paper is devoted to review and categorize the vast number of fingerprint matching methods proposed in the specialized literature. In particular, we focus on local minutiae-based matching algorithms, which provide good performance with an excellent trade-off between efficacy and efficiency. We identify the main properties and differences of existing methods. Then, we include an experimental evaluation involving the most representative local minutiae-based matching models in both verification and evaluation tasks. The results obtained will be discussed in detail, supporting the description of future directions.
811D3336	Since there are many possible types of nonlinear charge-flux constitutive relations of ideal memristors, such elements can manifest various behavior, and the identification of typical memristor fingerprints from the measured data or simulator outputs can be difficult in some cases. The aim of this paper is to reveal several fingerprints of ideal memristors, which extend the repertoire of hitherto published and currently well-known memristor fingerprints. These results can be useful for a clear and fast identification of a system behavior that violates the principles of the operation of ideal memristors.
7E655DA1	In automatic fingerprint identification systems poor quality impressions and latents often require expert interpretation if usable encodings are to be obtained. When this is necessary there are basically two different approaches taken for data entry "direct" encoding of the minutiae and "tracing" the ridges. The minutiae identified using these two methods on a test set of 49 latents were compared. The results indicate that these two methods are not just alternative ways of entering information but are radically different approaches which often lead to substantially different interpretations of the impression. The results of running searches on the two sets of minutiae using the Home Office matching algorithm do not indicate that either method is to be preferred from the point of view of accuracy. This conclusion is reinforced when the encodings are compared directly by eye with the matching impressions. Interpreting and encoding an impression viewed in isolation, by whatever method, is a fundamentally different task to the iterative process used by fingerprint experts to determining a match. There is scope for improving the matching accuracy of automatic fingerprint systems. The view is presented that a significant improvement could be achieved if algorithms are developed which are capable of iterative interpretation of the encoded or original data.
78D2A528	Accurate fingerprint orientation is a prerequisite in fingerprint based recognition system. This paper proposes an algorithm for modeling the fingerprint orientation field by using a model based algorithm based on the weighted Legendre basis. Weights required in the modeling are obtained by using symmetric filters, such that: i) high weights should be assigned to the areas near singular points, ii) areas having uniform ridge-valley flow should be given high weights, and iii) areas containing bad quality due to dry/ wet fingerprints, scars, bruises or sensor condition should be given low weights. These conditions ensure accurate reconstruction of fingerprint orientation field for bad quality areas while preserving the true orientation field near singular points. The proposed algorithm has been evaluated on a publicly available database, FVC2004 DB1A. Experimental results reveal that it has better orientation field estimation compared to the various state of the art algorithms.
80AAD859	We study randomized fingerprinting codes that achieve the fundamental capacity limits subject to the so-called Boneh-Shaw marking assumption. Two decoding schemes are studied in particular: the joint decoder is capacity-achieving but computationally intense, while the simple decoder is suboptimal but efficient. We provide tight bounds as well as numerical results for capacities and study the difference between these two schemes. Finally, security strategies for both the fingerprint embedders and the collusive attackers are presented.
80F2D5E3	In this paper, we studied the algorithms of fingerprint image enhancement and put forward a new method to calculate the direction image. Firstly, Radon Transform is used to estimate the direction image, then, the image is filtered by a set directional filters, thus, we get the enhanced image. The experiment results indicate that this method is simple and efficient; which established the firmed foundation to fingerprint image matching.
7A57F0D6	Several years ago the Federal Bureau of Investigation initiated the development of a reader to extract detailed information from single fingerprints. The fine details or minutiae consist of the position and angle of ridge endings and bifurcations, A free standing laboratory reader now exists which accepts an inked fingerprint at its input and outputs this minutia data.
7E9C0F63	In local area network (LAN), the large-scaled peer-to-peer (P2P) application has aroused our attention by its convenience as well as the problems inborn. The network traffic and the resources consumed have severely influenced the usage of other network application, and this makes the study of identification on P2P traffic much more significant. This article advances an identification method based on the host process fingerprint, which can be done on the client computer with P2P application on. Experiments show that method has a high classification capability on the P2P traffic in LAN.
7CC2B662	Fingerprint recognition using a joint transform correlator (JTC) is the most well-known technology among optical fingerprint recognition methods. The JTC method optically compares the reference fingerprint image with the sample fingerprint image then examines match or non-match by acquiring a correlation peak. In contrast to the JTC method, this paper presents a new method to examine fingerprint recognition by producing a computer generated hologram (CGH) of those two fingerprint images and directly comparing them. As a result, we present some parameters to show that fingerprint recognition capability of the CGH direct comparison method is superior to that of the JTC method
7FE858F6	Orientation fields can be used to describe interleaved ridge and valley patterns of fingerprint image, providing features useful for fingerprint recognition. However, for tasks such as fingerprint indexing, additional image alignment is often required to avoid confounding effects caused by pose differences. In this paper, we propose to employ a set of polar complex moments (PCMs) for extraction of rotation invariant fingerprint representation. PCMs are capable of describing fingerprint ridge flow structures, including singular regions, and are tolerant to spurious orientations in noisy fingerprints. From the orientation fields, a set of rotation moment invariants are derived to form a feature vector for comprehensive fingerprint structural description. This feature vector gives a compact and rotation invariant representation that is important for pose-robust fingerprint indexing. A clustering-based fingerprint indexing scheme is employed to facilitate efficient and effective retrieval of the most likely candidates from a fingerprint database. Our experimental results on NIST and FVC fingerprint databases indicate that the proposed invariant representation improves the performance of fingerprint indexing as compared to state-of-the-art methods.
81255706	The uniqueness and randomness of Physical Unclonable Functions (PUFs) allow secret keys to be stored in a tamper-proof package. In this paper, we propose a design for using a 65nm 10T sub-threshold Static Random Access Memory (SRAM) as a PUF. For this PUF, the challenge is the sub-threshold supply voltage and the response is the fingerprint obtained from the initial values of the cells when powered-up. In this design, we achieve significant improvements in power consumption and security over existing designs which makes it promising for low-power security applications.
7E0D9EF7	According to the characteristics of fingerprint images, combined with the human visual properties, this paper presents a de-noising algorithm of fingerprint image processing to decrease the influence of noises. Based on the different characteristics between the noise points and image features, the algorithm decreased the noises of the source images and filtered the corresponding noise coefficients after the wavelet decomposition. As for the coefficient matrices following the wavelet decomposition, after calculating all local gradients of the coefficients, we established the algorithm by using the local gradients of the source images as the judgment basis, and chose the highest Gradient coefficient in the different directions of the source images as the final fusion coefficient. The experimental results indicate that the algorithm can promote the SNR of the source images, protect the details of the images and improve the visual effects.
7812615D	We describe the design and implementation of an online fingerprint verification system which operates in two stages: (i) minutia extraction and (ii) minutia matching. An improved minutia extraction algorithm that is much faster and more accurate than our earlier algorithm has been implemented. For minutia matching, an alignment-based elastic matching algorithm has been developed. This algorithm is capable of finding the correspondences between input minutiae and the stored template without resorting to exhaustive search and has the ability to adaptively compensate for the nonlinear deformations and inexact pose transformations between finger prints. The system has been tested on two sets of finger print images captured with inkless scanners. The verification accuracy is found to be over 99% with a 15% reject rate. Typically, a complete fingerprint verification procedure takes, on an average, about 8 seconds on a SPARC 20 workstation. It meets the response time requirements of on-line verification with high accuracy.
3013FD47	Nowadays, there is a great bunch of applications implementing authentication processes in order to protect user access and users' data. Accessing our mobile device, doing a bank transfer or getting engaged with e-commerce are examples of how the great majority of population is in touch with an authentication process. The most common system to log in web applications is the use of pairs (username, password). It could be said that is rather contended but at the same time could imply problems, normally related to the strength or weakness of the used passwords. On the one hand, if strong passwords are used, users tend to forget them. On the other hand, if weak passwords are used, a non-legitimate user could impersonate a legitimate account attempting against the user's privacy. Bearing this in mind and taking into account that biometrics systems are securer and by far more user-friendly, in this TFG we propose an implementation of a web authentication process based on users' fingerprints. The proposed system is an externalized and standardized solution and, therefore, webApps wishing to use it could be easily integrated. For demonstration purposes, we have implemented three different entities: first, an authentication and authorization server, the authServer; second, a mobile application which stands for the authClient; and finally third, a dummy web application, the webApp. Being the webApp the application that the client will see in its device, the registry and authentication process will be performed by the authClient and authServer in a barely imperceptive way for the user.
7FDE1A1F	Proposes a fingerprint minutia matching technique, which matches the fingerprint minutiae by using both the local and global structures of minutiae. The local structure of a minutia describes a rotation and translation invariant feature of the minutia in its neighborhood. It is used to find the correspondence of two minutiae sets and increase the reliability of the global matching. The global structure of minutiae reliably determines the uniqueness of fingerprint. Therefore, the local and global structures of minutiae together provide a solid basis for reliable and robust minutiae matching. The proposed minutiae matching scheme is suitable for an online processing due to its high processing speed. Experimental results show the performance of the proposed technique.
7576667A	The estimation of fingerprint ridge orientation is an essential step in every automatic fingerprint verification system. The importance of ridge orientation can be deflected from the fact that it is inevitably used for detecting, describing and matching fingerprint features such as minutiae and singular points. In this paper we propose a novel method for fingerprint ridge orientation modelling using Legendre polynomials. One of the main problems it addresses is smoothing orientation data while preserving details in high curvature areas, especially singular points. We show that singular points, which result in a discontinuous orientation field, can be modelled by the zero-poles of Legendre polynomials. The models parameters are obtained in a two staged optimization procedure. Another advantage of the proposed method is a very compact representation of the orientation field, using only 56 coefficients. We have carried out extensive experiments using a state-of-the-art fingerprint matcher and a singular point detector. Moreover, we compared the proposed method with other state-of-the-art fingerprint orientation estimation algorithms. We can report significant improvements in both singular point detection and matching rates.
7213B07D	In this study, two techniques that can improve the authentication process are examined: (i) multiple samples and (ii) multiple biometric sources. We propose the fusion of multiple samples obtained from multiple biometric sources at the score level. By using the average operator, both the theoretical and empirical results show that integrating as many samples and as many biometric sources as possible can improve the overall reliability of the system. This strategy is called the multi-sample multi-source approach. This strategy was tested on a real-life database using neural networks trained in one-versus-all configuration.
812C84C8	Gait is a potential behavioral feature, and many allied studies have demonstrated that it can be served as a useful biometric feature for recognition. This paper described a novel gait recognition technique based on support vector machine fusion of contour projection and skeleton model features. A principal component analysis method was used to lower the dimension of contour projection after segmenting silhouettes from the background in the key frame of gait picture sequence and a skeleton model was built to produce other shape features. The combining features were fused by a support vector machine and tested on the CASIA database at the feature level and decision level based on posterior probability. Experimental results have demonstrated the effectiveness and advantages of the proposed algorithm.
7F20C72C	Modern fingerprint image compression and reconstruction standards used by the US Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) are based upon the popular 9/7 discrete wavelet transform. Multiresolution analysis tools have been successfully applied for fingerprint image compression for more than a decade; we propose a novel fingerprint image compression technique based on recently proposed wave atoms decomposition. Wave atoms decomposition has specifically been designed for enhanced representation of oscillatory patterns to convey temporal and spatial information. Our proposed compression scheme is based upon linear vector quantization of decomposed wave atoms representation of fingerprint images. Later quantized information is encoded with arithmetic entropy scheme. The proposed image compression standard outperforms the FBI fingerprint image compression standard, the wavelet scalar quantization (WSQ). Data mining, law enforcement, border security, and forensic applications can potentially benefit from our proposed compression scheme.
7BFF86A8	Noting the advantages of texture-based features over the structural descriptors of vascular trees, we investigated texture-based features from gray level cooccurrence matrix (GLCM) and various wavelet packet energies to classify retinal vasculature for biometric identification. Wavelet packet energy features were generated by Daubechies, Coiflets and Reverse Biorthogonal wavelets. Two different entropy methods, Shannon and logarithm of energy, were used to prune wavelet packet decomposition trees. Next, wrapper methods were used for classification-guided feature selection. Features were ranked based on area under the receiver operating curves, Bhattacharya, and t-test metrics. Using the ranked lists, wrapper methods were used in conjunction with Naïve Bayesian, k-nearest neighbor (k-NN), and Support Vector Machine (SVM) classifiers. Best results were achieved by using features from Reverse Biorthogonal 2.4 wavelet packet decomposition in conjunction with a nearest neighbor classifier, yielding a 3-fold cross validation accuracy of 99.42% with a sensitivity and specificity of 98.33% and 99.47% respectively
76A7D81C	With the development of business activities, the property rights protection for digital content becomes a hot topic. In prior researches, digital fingerprinting techniques are widely used. They find the illegal distributors by traitor tracing techniques. But in the emerging digital wholesale and retail, it is possible that middlemen collude. Then it becomes a development tendency that the fingerprint is added with the group property which improves the group detection performance. Considering the largely existed COX fingerprint which has low computation cost and easy realization, it will save large resources that we classify them to generate the group fingerprint. We utilize four algorithms (k-means, hierarchical clustering, SOM, FCM) to construct the COX fingerprint classifier through which the group fingerprint generating and group traitor tracing algorithms are implemented. The performance of the group fingerprint on the practicability and security are obtained by the colluding attack and multimedia processing experiments. The experiment results show that it is easy to implement the group fingerprinting schemes by the four algorithms. All the classifiers based group fingerprinting schemes withstand the JPEG compressions. The k-means scheme has superior performance than the other three. Even in the averaging attack experiments, in which the other three got the worst performance, k-means obtains acceptable performance.
58596363	A new biometric indicator based on the patterns of conjunctival vasculature is proposed. Conjunctival vessels can be observed on the visible part of the sclera that is exposed to the outside world.These vessels demonstrate rich and specific details invisible light, and can be easily photographed using a regular digital camera. In this paper we discuss methods for conjunctival imaging, preprocessing, and feature extraction in order to derive a suitable conjunctival vascular template for biometric authentication. Commensurate classification methods along  with the observed accuracy are discussed. Experimental results suggest the potential of using conjunctival vasculature as a biometric measure. 
77F03DFE	Fingerprint classification is crucial to reduce the processing time in a large-scale database. In this paper a fingerprint classification based on continuous orientation field and singular points is proposed. The continuous orientation field can not only filter the noises in point directional image,but also represent the basic structural feature of fingerprint more precisely.Singularities are the most important and reliable feature in classification.The reliable and fast classification algorithm is made possible by a simple but effective combination of continuous orientation field and the modified Poincare index in the determination of singular points.The experiment results show the effectiveness of the proposed method in producing good classification result.
7C59D1E3	Biometric systems based on face recognition have been shown unreliable under the presence of face-spoofing images. Hence, automatic solutions for spoofing detection became necessary. In this paper, face-spoofing detection is proposed by searching for Moiré patterns due to the overlap of the digital grids. The conditions under which these patterns arise are first described, and their detection is proposed which is based on peak detection in the frequency domain. Experimental results for the algorithm are presented for an image database of facial shots under several conditions.
7D386E49	In this paper, a fingerprint embedding method better-suited for the AND anti-collusion code (AND-ACC) is proposed. The proposed method embeds both a code and an orthogonal fingerprint using different basis vectors depending on the bit. Although the detection for the embedding method is complex, the performance of the fingerprinting system using proposed embedding method with the AND-ACC against average attack is improved compared with the AND-ACC fingerprinting scheme using code modulation embedding method. The system using the proposed embedding method is robust against the linear combination collusion attack (LCCA) whereas the system using the code modulation is not.
7766147C	Fingerprint recognition has found a reliable application for verification or identification of people in biometrics. Globally, fingerprints can be viewed as valuable traits due to several perceptions observed by the experts; such as the distinctiveness and the permanence on humans and the performance in real applications. Among the main stages of fingerprint recognition, the automated matching phase has received much attention from the early years up to nowadays. This paper is devoted to review and categorize the vast number of fingerprint matching methods proposed in the specialized literature. In particular, we focus on local minutiae-based matching algorithms, which provide good performance with an excellent trade-off between efficacy and efficiency. We identify the main properties and differences of existing methods. Then, we include an experimental evaluation involving the most representative local minutiae-based matching models in both verification and evaluation tasks. The results obtained will be discussed in detail, supporting the description of future directions.
7E3E0BA5	Fingerprint verification is an important biometric technique for personal identification. We describe the design and implementation of a prototype automatic identity-authentication system that uses fingerprints to authenticate the identity of an individual. We have developed an improved minutiae-extraction algorithm that is faster and more accurate than our earlier algorithm (1995). An alignment-based minutiae-matching algorithm has been proposed. This algorithm is capable of finding the correspondences between input minutiae and the stored template without resorting to exhaustive search and has the ability to compensate adaptively for the nonlinear deformations and inexact transformations between an input and a template. To establish an objective assessment of our system, both the Michigan State University and the National Institute of Standards and Technology NIST 9 fingerprint data bases have been used to estimate the performance numbers. The experimental results reveal that our system can achieve a good performance on these data bases. We also have demonstrated that our system satisfies the response-time requirement. A complete authentication procedure, on average, takes about 1.4 seconds on a Sun ULTRA I workstation (it is expected to run as fast or faster on a 200 HMz Pentium).
806C38BC	Most automatic systems for fingerprint comparison are based on minutiae matching. Minutiae are essentially terminations and bifurcations of the ridge lines that constitute a fingerprint pattern. Automatic minutiae detection is an extremely critical process, especially in low-quality fingerprints where noise and contrast deficiency can originate pixel configurations similar to minutiae or hide real minutiae. Several approaches have been proposed in the literature; although rather different from each other, all these methods transform fingerprint images into binary images. In this work we propose an original technique, based on ridge line following, where the minutiae are extracted directly from gray scale images. The results achieved are compared with those obtained through some methods based on image binarization. In spite of a greater conceptual complexity, the method proposed performs better both in terms of efficiency and robustness.
7FB3ABDE	Reliable and accurate fingerprint recognition is a challenging pattern recognition problem, requiring algorithms robust in many contexts. FVC2000 competition attempted to establish the first common benchmark, allowing companies and academic institutions to unambiguously compare performance and track improvements in their fingerprint recognition algorithms. Three databases were created using different state-of-the-art sensors and a fourth database was artificially generated; 11 algorithms were extensively tested on the four data sets. We believe that FVC2000 protocol, databases, and results will be useful to all practitioners in the field not only as a benchmark for improving methods, but also for enabling an unbiased evaluation of algorithms.
7DB6CB3D	Biometrics-based verification, especially fingerprint-based identification, is receiving a lot of attention. There are two major shortcomings of the traditional approaches to fingerprint representation. For a considerable fraction of population, the representations based on explicit detection of complete ridge structures in the fingerprint are difficult to extract automatically. The widely used minutiae-based representation does not utilize a significant component of the rich discriminatory information available in the fingerprints. Local ridge structures cannot be completely characterized by minutiae. Further, minutiae-based matching has difficulty in quickly matching two fingerprint images containing a different number of unregistered minutiae points. The proposed filter-based algorithm uses a bank of Gabor filters to capture both local and global details in a fingerprint as a compact fixed length FingerCode. The fingerprint matching is based on the Euclidean distance between the two corresponding FingerCodes and hence is extremely fast. We are able to achieve a verification accuracy which is only marginally inferior to the best results of minutiae-based algorithms published in the open literature. Our system performs better than a state-of-the-art minutiae-based system when the performance requirement of the application system does not demand a very low false acceptance rate. Finally, we show that the matching performance can be improved by combining the decisions of the matchers based on complementary (minutiae-based and filter-based) fingerprint information.
762F072E	A fingerprint classification procedure using a computer is described. It classifies the prints into one of ten defined types. The procedure is implemented using PICAP (picture array processor). The picture processing system includes a TV camera input and a special picture processor. The first part of the procedure is a transformation of the original print to a sampling matrix, where the dominant direction of the ridges for each subpicture is indicated. After smoothing, the lines in this pattern are traced out and converted to strings of symbols. Finally, a syntactic approach is adopted to make the type classification based on this string of symbols.
7B0AA26C	In this paper, we present a device to be a memristor should exhibit three characteristic fingerprints: (a) Pinched hysteresis loop in the voltage v vs. current i plane, namely, the v-i loci always passes through origin for any bipolar periodic input voltage v(t). (b) Beyond a certain critical frequency ω*, the area of the pinched hysteresis lobe decreases monotonically as the frequency of the periodic input signal increases and (c) the shape of the pinched hysteresis loop varies with frequency f and shrinks to a single-valued function through the origin, as the frequency tends to infinity. Examples of memristors exhibiting these three fingerprints are presented.
7AD7D628	A novel method of fault diagnosis is presented based on power grid flow fingerprint identification technology and synchronized phasor measurements. In this paper, the definitions of power grid flow fingerprint and flow fingerprint characteristic point are introduced at first. Then, the proposed method is achieved utilizing the flow fingerprint identification scheme. Meanwhile, two evaluation indexes are developed when the online matching is made between the simulated flow fingerprint and real-time flow fingerprint collected by PMUs. The method also employs improved integer programming technique for optimal PMU placement. The proposed approach is effective to eliminate uncertainty and obtain accurate diagnosis results using less data based on a systematic view. Especially, the application of the proposed method is helpful and beneficial to identify initial fault and accurately capture the nature of cascading failures. Simulation results have proved the validity of this method.
7C22F707	 The joint fingerprinting and decryption (JFD) framework has high efficiency and can provide comprehensive, effective content security protection for remote sensing images. However, the fingerprint is generated by random partial decryption in JFD, which will lead to obvious degradation of image quality after embedding fingerprints and will severely impact the precision and further application of remote sensing images. In order to solve this problem, an improved JFD scheme based on neighborhood similarity is proposed in this paper, where the image is partitioned into different regions, and the regions that affect future application most are excluded from the fingerprint embedding area. Moreover, neighborhood similarity is defined in order to evaluate the change of pixel correlation, and areas with good neighborhood similarity after encryption are chosen to embed fingerprints. The experimental results prove that the fingerprinted image has a good image quality, and it will not affect the following application such as edge extraction and unsupervised classification, etc. Therefore, it is a suitable content security protection method for remote sensing image.
7544EE34	The minimum spanning tree (MST) matching algorithm has been used for searching the partial matching points extracted from fingerprint images. The method, however, has some limitations. To obtain the relationship between the enrolled fingerprints and the input fingerprints the MST is used to generate the tree graph that represents the unique graph for the given minutiae. From the graph, the matching points are estimated. However, the shape of the graph highly depends on the positions of the minutiae. If there are some pseudo minutiae caused by noise, the shape of the graph will be totally different. To overcome the limitations of the MST, we propose the center of rotation method (CRM) that finds true partial matching points. The proposed method is based on the assumption that the input fingerprint minutiae are rigid body. In addition, we employ the polygon wrapping the minutiae for fast matching speed and reliable matching results. In conclusion we have been able to confirm fast performance and high identification ratio by using CRM. (C) 2004 Society of Photo-Optical Instrumentation Engineers.
7AA47C57	Sweat pores and other level 3 features have been proven to provide more discriminatory information about fingerprint characteristics, which is useful for personal identification especially in law enforcement applications. With the advent of high resolution (≥1000 ppi) fingerprint scanning equipment, sweat pores are attracting increasing attention in automatic fingerprint identification system (AFIS), where the extraction of pores is a critical step. This paper presents a scale parameter-estimating method in filtering-based pore extraction procedure. Pores are manually extracted from a 1000 ppi grey-level fingerprint image. The size and orientation of each detected pore are extracted together with local ridge width and orientation. The quantitative relation between the pore parameters (size and orientation) and local image parameters (ridge width and orientation) is statistically obtained. The pores are extracted by filtering fingerprint image with the new pore model, whose parameters are determined by local image parameters and the statistically established relation. Experiments conducted on high resolution fingerprints indicate that the new pore model gives good performance in pore extraction. 
7CA842F6	Biometric based characteristic authentication is an asymmetric authentication technology. This means that the reference biometric data generated during the enrolment process and stored in the biometric database, will never match any freshly offered biometric data exactly (100%). This is commonly accepted due to the nature of the biometric algorithm central to the biometric environment.A password or pin on the other hand, is a symmetric authentication mechanism. This means that an exact match is expected, and if the offered password deviates ever so slightly from the password stored in the password database file, authenticity is rejected.Encryption technologies rely on symmetric authentication to function, as the password or pin is often used as the seed for a random number that will assist in the generation of the cipher. If the password used to encrypt the cipher is not 100% the same as the password supplied to decrypt, the cipher will not unlock.The asymmetric nature of biometrics traditionally renders biometric data unfit to be used as the secret key for an encryption algorithm.This paper introduces a system that allows biometric data to be used as the secret key in an encryption algorithm. This method relies on the BioVault infrastructure. For this reason BioVault will briefly be discussed, followed by a discussion of biometrically based encryption.
7CEAF6EF	In this paper, we have proposed a fingerprint orientation model based on 2D Fourier expansions (FOMFE) in the phase plane. The FOMFE does not require prior knowledge of singular points (SPs). It is able to describe the overall ridge topology seamlessly, including the SP regions, even for noisy fingerprints. Our statistical experiments on a public database show that the proposed FOMFE can significantly improve the accuracy of fingerprint feature extraction and thus that of fingerprint matching. Moreover, the FOMFE has a low-computational cost and can work very efficiently on large fingerprint databases. The FOMFE provides a comprehensive description for orientation features, which has enabled its beneficial use in feature-related applications such as fingerprint indexing. Unlike most indexing schemes using raw orientation data, we exploit FOMFE model coefficients to generate the feature vector. Our indexing experiments show remarkable results using different fingerprint databases
7F0B8455	This paper proposes a new hash-based indexing method to speed up fingerprint identification in large databases. A Locality-Sensitive Hashing (LSH) scheme has been designed relying on Minutiae Cylinder-Code (MCC), which proved to be very effective in mapping a minutiae-based representation (position/angle only) into a set of fixed-length transformation-invariant binary vectors. A novel search algorithm has been designed thanks to the derivation of a numerical approximation for the similarity between MCC vectors. Extensive experimentations have been carried out to compare the proposed approach against 15 existing methods over all the benchmarks typically used for fingerprint indexing. In spite of the smaller set of features used (top performing methods usually combine more features), the new approach outperforms existing ones in almost all of the cases.
7BB6A54C	We have reported the Charge Coupled Device (CCD) fingerprint method for identification of digital still cameras. The CCD fingerprint method utilizes the nonhomogeneous nature of dark currents in CCDs. In this study, we have measured CCD defects patterns of various digital still cameras including professional cameras and cheap ones with various resolution and compression rates. As a result, CCD defect pattern was detected in all cameras except for a low-resolution cheap camera using only one image. Resolution mode change of digital cameras did not affect the position of defect points in general but in some cases, relative pixel intensity varied. Image compression did not affect the pixel position for blank images within normal compression rate, but when there existed light in the background, the pixel position was blurred as the compression rate became high. In conclusion, it is recognized that the CCD fingerprint method can be applied in principle to digital still cameras, that is, individual camera identification can be achieved in principle by using images taken with the camera. 
7A8AB444	Automated fingerprint recognition has received considerable attention over the past decade. Progress has been made on models of the structure of fingerprints, techniques for the acquisition of prints, and the development of commercial automated fingerprint recognition systems. Despite these advances, there remain considerable opportunities for improvement. The speed of retrieval, and the ability to recognize partial or distorted prints are prominent among those areas that require improvement. This study will describe a structural model of fingerprints, based on local structural relations among features, and an associated automated recognition system which addresses the limitations of existing fingerprint models.
7B2093D3	In this paper, the advantages and disadvantages of the gray variance directional image segmentation methods were analyzed. On the base of gray normalization, a new approach to segment the fingerprint images was proposed using the normal distribution model of the fingerprint image gray’s character. This approach makes use of the gray characters of the local and global images. Meanwhile, it has the advantage to choose the threshold automatic without the experience. The experimental results show that the method for the fingerprint image segmentation is effective, adaptive and quick and it can meet the need of fingerprint recognition system.
786AD364	This paper presents a novel method for fingerprint orientation modeling, which executes in two phases. Firstly, the orientation field is reconstructed using a lower order Legendre polynomial to capture the global orientation pattern in the fingerprint structure. Then the preliminary model around the region with presence of fingerprint singularities is dynamically refined using a higher order Legendre polynomial. The singular region is automatically detected through the analysis on the orientation residual field between the original orientation field and the orientation model. The method does not require any prior knowledge on the fingerprint structure. To validate the performance, the method has been applied to fingerprint image enhancement, fingerprint singularity detection and fingerprint recognition using the FVC 2004 data sets. Compared with the recently published Legendre polynomial model, the proposed method attains higher accuracy in fingerprint singularity detection, lower error rates in fingerprint matching.
7BEFDEB7	Fingerprint matching is a key issue in research of an automatic fingerprint identification system. On the basis of triangulation in computational geometry, we develop a kind of method for fingerprint matching based on Delaunay Triangulation net in this paper. Through carrying on Delaunay Triangulation to the topological structure of fingerprint minutiae, minutiae with closer distance link to each other on the space according to the Delaunay criterion and form the Delaunay Triangulation net. Then look for some reference minutiae pairs correctly from the net. According to the reference minutiae pairs, match fingerprint on point pattern. The experimental results on FVC2000 indicate the validity of algorithm.
7DBF4AA0	This correspondence proposes new candidate list reduction criteria for fingerprint indexing approaches. The basic idea is that, given a query fingerprint, the initial set of scores produced by an indexer could contain useful information to reduce the candidate list. Novel reduction criteria have been proposed, and extensive experiments have been carried out over five publicly available benchmarks, using two state-of-the-art fingerprint indexing techniques. Although quite simple, the proposed criteria achieved remarkable results, allowing a substantial reduction of the candidate list: for instance, at 1% error rate, the average penetration rate of a state-of-the-art minutiae-based indexer decreases from 27% to 3.9% on FVC2000 DB2. The new reduction criteria are applicable to any indexing approach, since they only require a list of scores as input.
8055257B	This paper introduces a novel algorithm based on global comprehensive similarity with three steps. To describe the Euclidean space-based relative features among minutiae, we first build a minutia-simplex that contains a pair of minutiae as well as their associated textures, with its transformation-variant and invariant relative features employed for the comprehensive similarity measurement and parameter estimation, respectively. By the second step, we use the ridge-based nearest neighborhood among minutiae to represent the ridge-based relative features among minutiae. With these ridge-based relative features, minutiae are grouped according to their affinity with a ridge. The Euclidean space-based and ridge-based relative features among minutiae reinforce each other in the representation of a fingerprint. Finally, we model the relationship between transformation and the comprehensive similarity between two fingerprints in terms of histogram for initial parameter estimation. Through these steps, our experiment shows that the method mentioned above is both effective and suitable for limited memory AFIS owing to its less than 1k byte template size.
816C3258	Biometric identification is an emerging subject in applications like high-security wireless access and secure transactions across computer networks. Fingerprints are easy to use and provide relatively good performance. Furthermore,fingerprint sensors are cheap and can be integrated easily in wireless hardware.In this paper, methods are presented for the estimation of a high resolution directional field from fingerprints. It is shown how, from the directional field, very accurate detection of the singular points and the orientations of those points can be obtained. These estimates can for instance be used for accurate registration (alignment) of two fingerprints in a fingerprint verification system.
7FCCCBB3	The first subject of the paper is the estimation of a high resolution directional field of fingerprints. Traditional methods are discussed and a method, based on principal component analysis, is proposed. The method not only computes the direction in any pixel location, but its coherence as well. It is proven that this method provides exactly the same results as the "averaged square-gradient method" that is known from literature. Undoubtedly, the existence of a completely different equivalent solution increases the insight into the problem's nature. The second subject of the paper is singular point detection. A very efficient algorithm is proposed that extracts singular points from the high-resolution directional field. The algorithm is based on the Poincare index and provides a consistent binary decision that is not based on postprocessing steps like applying a threshold on a continuous resemblance measure for singular points. Furthermore, a method is presented to estimate the orientation of the extracted singular points. The accuracy of the methods is illustrated by experiments on a live-scanned fingerprint database.
8103D7BE	This paper addresses the design of additive fingerprints that are maximally resilient against Gaussian averaging collusion attacks. The detector performs a binary hypothesis test in order to decide whether a user of interest is among the colluders. The encoder (fingerprint designer) is to imbed additive fingerprints that minimize the probability of error of the test. Both the encoder and the attackers are subject to squared-error distortion constraints. We show that n-simplex fingerprints are optimal in sense of maximizing a geometric figure of merit for the detection test; these fingerprints outperform orthogonal fingerprints. They are also optimal in terms of maximizing the error exponent of the detection test, and maximizing the deflection criteria at the detector when the attacker’s noise is non-Gaussian. Reliable detection is guaranteed provided that the number of colluders K≪N−−√, where N is the length of the host vector.
785052E1	Orientation field represents the topological structure of the interleaved ridge and valley flows in fingerprint images. Although a number of methods have been proposed for orientation estimation, reliable computation of orientation field is still a challenging problem due to the poor quality of some fingerprints. This paper proposes a method to reconstruct fingerprint orientation field by weighted discrete cosine transform (DCT). First, the DCT functions are used to build the basis atoms for linear representation of orientation field. Then, the DCT basis atoms of low and high orders are combined with the weights determined by singularity measurements for orientation reconstruction. The weighted DCT model is further extended for partial fingerprints to gradually and iteratively reconstruct the orientations in noisy or missing parts of fingerprints. The proposed method can perform well in smoothing out the noise while maintaining the orientation details in singular regions. Extensive experiments have been done to compare the proposed method with some existing methods on NIST and FVC fingerprint databases in terms of the reconstruction accuracy of orientation field, fingerprint indexing performance, and fingerprint recognition accuracy. Experimental results illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed method in reconstructing orientation fields, especially for poor quality and partial fingerprints.
80C497D6	In this paper, we introduce the Minutia Cylinder-Code (MCC): a novel representation based on 3D data structures (called cylinders), built from minutiae distances and angles. The cylinders can be created starting from a subset of the mandatory features (minutiae position and direction) defined by standards like ISO/IEC 19794-2 (2005). Thanks to the cylinder invariance, fixed-length, and bit-oriented coding, some simple but very effective metrics can be defined to compute local similarities and to consolidate them into a global score. Extensive experiments over FVC2006 databases prove the superiority of MCC with respect to three well-known techniques and demonstrate the feasibility of obtaining a very effective (and interoperable) fingerprint recognition implementation for light architectures.