815D2B25	We propose a novel optimization model for resource assignment in heterogeneous wireless network. The model adopts two objective functions maximizing the number of served users and the minimum granted utility at once. A distinctive feature of our new model is to consider two consecutive time slots, in order to include handover as an additional decision dimension. Furthermore, the solution algorithm that we propose refines a heuristic solution approach recently proposed in literature, by considering a real joint optimization of the considered resources. The simulation study shows that the new model leads to a significant reduction in handover frequency, when compared to a traditional scheme based on maximum SNR.
7D457EC1	Femtocell is an emerging technology that promises increased network capacity and enhanced indoor coverage at a low capital and operational cost. However, macrocell network performance depreciates when macrocell users (mUEs) are located indoors with femtocell base stations (FBSs), and these users are not allowed access to the FBSs (closed access). This is a critical issue that needs to be addressed in order to successfully deploy femtocell tier over existing macrocell networks. This paper proposes a macrocell proportional fair-based batch resource allocation strategy that enables FBS to be aware of macrocell resource usage schedule. In this context, batch means multiple time-slots. The knowledge of macrocell resource usage schedule enables the FBS to effectively mitigate interference caused to mUEs in its neighborhood. We show by simulation results that our proposed cross-layer interference coordination approach significantly increases the total macrocell throughput through interference reduction.
5DB5E480	The theoretical analysis of a cross-layer mechanism for improving the quality of service of real-time applications in wireless networks is presented. The mechanism coordinates adaptations of the modulation order at the Physical layer and the media encoding mode at the Application layer, to improve packet loss rate, throughput and mean delay. With the use of Continuous Flow Modeling, the system is considered as a “fluid” queue with inflow and outflow rates representing its traffic generation and service rates, respectively. Each data source is modeled as a Markov chain, from the steady-state of which the optimal adaptation thresholds of the cross-layer mechanism are derived. Performance evaluation results show that the optimized operation of the mechanism attains a significant performance improvement compared to both the sub-optimal mechanism, and a legacy system.
7FB79996	In current and next 3G and beyond mobile wireless systems, sharing the radio access network has become an important issue for 3G mobile operators. Sharing network infrastructure amongst operators offers an alternative solution to reduce the investment in the coverage phase of WCDMA, allows increased coverage, reduces time to market, and allows earlier user acceptance for WCDMA and its related services. In this paper a novel radio resource management strategy known as adaptive partitioning with borrowing (APB) is proposed to cope with the implied new architectural changes. This strategy is devoted to achieve an efficient usage of the available pool of radio resources while satisfying the required quality of service (QoS) in heterogeneous traffic 3G wireless networks. Grade of service (GoS) and resources utilization are considered in this study to evaluate the network performance. Simulation results indicate that the proposed APB resource allocation provides higher resource utilization under all load conditions leading in turn to increased revenue. Moreover it provides the best balance between the system utilization and the required QoS
75F5A346	This paper proposes enabling technologies and strategies for radio resource management (RRM) in decentralized heterogeneous wireless networks. To cope with dynamic variation of user signals' bandwidth in the decentralized RRM, dynamic spectrum control (DSC) is applied to flexibly utilize spot-wise available spectra. Spectrum clipping is further applied as a bandwidth adjustment technique to fit the desired spectrum to available spot-wise spectra. Moreover, real time EXIT analysis is applied to evaluate convergence property of the DSC and spectrum clipping before transmission; thereby the decentralized RRM scheme becomes more reliable and stable ones.
824DC70D	In this paper, we design an energy-efficient cross-layer optimization framework for media streaming over time-varying wireless network. The energy efficiency (EE) is characterized by the stochastic optimization model subject to the network stability, which is also used to depict the average media delivery delay. In harmony with the hierarchical architecture of the wireless network, the problem of stochastic optimization of media streaming is decomposed by the Lyapunov drift theory into two subproblems, associated with the flow control in transport layer and the power allocation in physical (PHY) layer. Specifically, the dynamic cross-layer control algorithm for media streaming is developed for adapting to the time-varying network state information, i.e. time-varying channel state information (CSI) of mobile terminal (MT)-access points (AP) links and dynamic queue state information (QSI) at APs. We derive a tradeoff between EE and media streaming delay, where the increase of average delay is approximately linear in V and the increase of EE is at the speed of 1/V with the control parameter V. Simulation results validate the theoretical analysis of our proposed scheme.
7E49DBFF	Recently, opportunistic routing has been proposed to take good advantage of broadcast nature and spatial diversity to achieve high throughput, despite highly unpredictable and lossy wireless links in multi-hop wireless networks. Most previous works provide heuristic solutions to select as many candidates, and don't take inter-candidate delivery probability into account, which might suffer acknowledgement loss and lead to duplicate forwarding, ultimately degrades network throughput. In this paper, a discrete-time Markov model is firstly presented to analyze duplicate forwarding probability at the candidates, and then simple candidates optimization algorithm and acknowledgement enhancement mechanism are proposed to eliminate the effect of duplicate forwarding. Simulations are conducted to verify our algorithm, and results show that there is a 20% gain in throughput when compared with traditional opportunistic routing protocol.
77B4E4F9	Orthogonal Frequency Division Multiple Access (OFDMA) based cellular network can support diverse requirement of multimedia traffic. OFDMA method using adaptive modulation and coding technique can increase the system capacity many fold. In order to meet dynamic bandwidth requirement in downlink, an efficient resource allocation method called Two Stage Rate Adaptive (TSRA) algorithm is proposed here. The TSRA employs an adaptive modulation techniques and a Band Width Adaptation (BWA) algorithm to support the dynamic resource requirement of a multimedia traffic. The BWA is invoked dynamically by TSRA to deal with real-time variable bit rate services. It is observe that the simulated average system capacity exceeds 6 b/s per Hz, and approaches analytical/theoretical limit for increasing no of users. The delay performance is observed for existing and new arrival of multimedia traffic. We also simulate the average BER performance of the TSRA algorithm.
7738217B	We consider the problem of throughput-optimal cross-layer design of wireless networks. We propose a joint congestion control and scheduling algorithm that achieves a fraction 1/dI(G) of the capacity region, where dI(G) depends on certain structural properties of the underlying connectivity graph G of the wireless network and also on the type of interference constraints. For a wide range of wireless networks, dI(G) can be upper bounded by a constant, independent of the number of nodes in the network. The scheduling element of our algorithm is the maximal scheduling policy. Although maximal scheduling policy has been considered in many of the previous works, the difficulties that arise in implementing it in a distributed fashion in the presence of interference have not been dealt with previously. In this paper, we propose two novel randomized distributed algorithms for implementing the maximal scheduling policy under the 1-hop and 2-hop interference models.
7FF3E7C1	A vision of future wireless networks is the coexistence of multiple access network technologies. Different access networks will coexist and the Internet Protocol will be the joint layer. Controlling the resources of these networks is very challenging. This paper deals with two data oriented access networks, the worldwide interoperability for microwave access (WiMAX) and the high speed downlink packet access (HSDPA). A new scheduling algorithm to work with large FTP file downloads is suggested, then a queueing model is analytically developed; this model can be used in developing an efficient joint radio resource management (JRRM) protocol to be used by the joint admission controller that controls the access to the two networks. The developed model can also be used to obtain many important performance measurements such as blocking probability, mean sojourn time and the optimum loads of the two networks.
33727B43	Energy-efficient operation is essential for mobile network operators to meet the growing demand for higher data rates while managing rising operating costs. Here, the main challenge is to guarantee the quality of user experience whilst saving energy. This challenge demands adaptive algorithms that enable a load-aware network operation that dynamically configures different network elements according to user needs. To this end, in this paper, we present an adaptive and context-aware power management framework for networks composed of different radio access technologies. We implement and evaluate our framework in an indoor and outdoor testbed. The experimental results confirm that significant energy can be saved in practice by efficiently adapting resources to the actual traffic demand.
7C699632	We present a method, called opportunistic scheduling, for exploiting the time-varying nature of the radio environment to increase the overall performance of the system under certain quality of service/fairness requirements of users. We first introduce a general framework for opportunistic scheduling, and then identify three general categories of scheduling problems under this framework. We provide optimal solutions for each of these scheduling problems. All the proposed scheduling policies are implementable online; we provide parameter estimation algorithms and implementation procedures for them. We also show how previous work by us and others directly fits into or is related to this framework. We demonstrate via simulation that opportunistic scheduling schemes result in significant performance improvement compared with non-opportunistic alternatives.
5BFF077F	Mobility support in the wireless network enables us to be served continuous service. Fast Handover for Mobile IPv6 (FMIPv6) is proposed to support a faster handover than that of Mobile IPv6. Unfortunately, FMIPv6 shows too long handover latency to serve smooth video traffic flows. We proposed semi-soft FMIPv6 handover to minimize the handover latency to serve video traffic efficiently. The proposed scheme clarifies the handover procedure by separating the handover preparation and the actual handover. We also clarify the use of L2 triggering by introducing four triggers and triggering time scheme. With our experimental implementation, the proposed scheme has shortened the handover latency below 50ms and this low handover latency helps to reduce the buffered packet size in access routers.
7F7E7443	Information flow in a telecommunication network is accomplished through the interaction of mechanisms at various design layers with the end goal of supporting the information exchange needs of the applications. In wireless networks in particular, the different layers interact in a nontrivial manner in order to support information transfer. In this text we will present abstract models that capture the cross-layer interaction from the physical to transport layer in wireless network architectures including cellular, ad-hoc and sensor networks as well as hybrid wireless-wireline. The model allows for arbitrary network topologies as well as traffic forwarding modes, including datagrams and virtual circuits. Furthermore the time varying nature of a wireless network, due either to fading channels or to changing connectivity due to mobility, is adequately captured in our model to allow for state dependent network control policies. Quantitative performance measures that capture the quality of service requirements in these systems depending on the supported applications are discussed, including throughput maximization, energy consumption minimization, rate utility function maximization as well as general performance functionals. Cross-layer control algorithms with optimal or suboptimal performance with respect to the above measures are presented and analyzed. A detailed exposition of the related analysis and design techniques is provided.
7EDA77E7	Slow frequency hopped packet radio networks with a selective reject retransmission policy are considered. Each packet consists of different subpackets (codewords), and only those specific subpackets which were received in error are retransmitted. Closed form expressions for subpacket error probabilities are derived for both slotted and unslotted packet radio networks. It is concluded that, using a special packet constructions method together with selective reject retransmission policy, the throughput of asynchronous frequency hopped packet radio networks approaches the throughout of the corresponding synchronous systems.
7E30BE72	An experimental demonstration of a 5 Gbithec optical time-division multiple access network is presented, which is suitable for optical interconnect applicatons
7553FCD7	An explanation of the widely different technological approaches and technologies being proposed for different interpretations of wireless personal communications services (PCS) is presented. Different wireless communications applications and issues surrounding the applications are discussed. Descriptions of the compromises that have been made in developing specific technologies optimized to serve the cordless telephone and the vehicular mobile radio applications are presented. Characteristics of a technology that is aimed at the widespread pedestrian PCS application and environment are outlined. Different wireless technologies that have been aimed at different applications and environments are compared.
7E980A8C	This tutorial paper overviews recent developments in optimization-based approaches for resource allocation problems in wireless systems. We begin by overviewing important results in the area of opportunistic (channel-aware) scheduling for cellular (single-hop) networks, where easily implementable myopic policies are shown to optimize system performance. We then describe key lessons learned and the main obstacles in extending the work to general resource allocation problems for multihop wireless networks. Towards this end, we show that a clean-slate optimization-based approach to the multihop resource allocation problem naturally results in a "loosely coupled" cross-layer solution. That is, the algorithms obtained map to different layers [transport, network, and medium access control/physical (MAC/PHY)] of the protocol stack, and are coupled through a limited amount of information being passed back and forth. It turns out that the optimal scheduling component at the MAC layer is very complex, and thus needs simpler (potentially imperfect) distributed solutions. We demonstrate how to use imperfect scheduling in the cross-layer framework and describe recently developed distributed algorithms along these lines. We conclude by describing a set of open research problems
80B74467	We consider the fundamental delay tradeoffs for utility optimal scheduling in a general network with time-varying channels. A network controller acts on randomly arriving data and makes flow control, routing, and resource allocation decisions to maximize a fairness metric based on a concave utility function of network throughput. A simple set of algorithms are constructed that yield total utility within O(1/V) of the utility-optimal operating point, for any control parameter V>0, with a corresponding end-to-end network delay that grows only logarithmically in V. This is the first algorithm to achieve such "super-fast" performance. Furthermore, we show that this is the best utility-delay tradeoff possible. This work demonstrates that the problem of maximizing throughput utility in a data network is fundamentally different than related problems of minimizing average power expenditure, as these latter problems cannot achieve such performance tradeoffs
7E96A5A1	The SWAN (Seamless Wireless ATM Network) is an experimental indoor wireless network that instigates the combination of wireless access with multimedia networked computing in an indoor setting. It is based on room-sized pico-cells and mobile multimedia endpoints. It enables users carrying multimedia endpoints, such as personal digital assistants (PDAs), laptops, and portable multimedia terminals, to seamlessly roam while accessing multimedia data resident in a backbone wired network. The network model of SWAN consists of base stations connected by a wired asynchronous transfer mode (ATM) backbone network, and wireless ATM last hops to the mobile hosts. SWAN is one of the first systems to realize the concept of a wireless and mobile ATM network. Mobile hosts as well as base stations are embedded with custom-designed ATM adapter cards called FAWN (Flexible Adapter for Wireless Networking). FAWN uses off-the-shelf 2.4 GHz industrial, scientific, and medical (ISM) band radios. After giving an overview of the SWAN network model, and discussing the challenges in making ATM wireless and mobile, the article describes the first phase implementation of SWAN hardware and software. This initial implementation provides connectivity over the wireless last hop. We have investigated both native-mode end-to-end ATM communication across the wired ATM backbone and wireless ATM links, and transmission control protocol (TCP) and user datagram protocol (UDP) communication using Internet protocol (IP) over wireless ATM in the wireless link with IP forwarding and segmentation and reassemble modules at the base stations.
629F68B4	To support the rapid emergence of applications with a large throughput and low delay requirement in wireless sensor network, design of throughput optimal energy aware algorithms has attracted researchers from a wide area of expertise. Maximum weight scheduling (MWS) is a well-known throughput optimal link scheduling algorithm. In addition to packet queue lengths, the algorithm needs to be aware of channel state information (CSI). However, perfect knowledge of channel state conditions is a very strong assumption in practical technologies. In this paper, the impact of CSI error on the performance of MWS algorithm is studied. We propose a throughput optimal link scheduling algorithm which is robust to CSI error. To consider CSI error, we propose an idea to use the state of battery at each node in order to estimate the amount of energy consumption per successful packet transmission. This information is used to revise MWS to the proposed algorithm termed as error robust energy aware scheduling (EREAS). We show that the EREAS outperforms MWS in terms of average number of failed transmissions and average delay in environments with high error probability. The theoretical results are confirmed by simulations
801082CA	In multihop packet radio networks with randomly distributed terminals, the optimal transmission radii to maximize the expected progress of packets in desired directions are determined with a variety of transmission protocols and network configurations. It is shown that the FM capture phenomenon with slotted ALOHA greatly improves the expected progress over the system without capture due to the more limited area of possibly interfering terminals around the receiver. The (mini)slotted nonpersistent carrier-sense-multiple-access (CSMA) only slightly outperforms ALOHA, unlike the single-hop case (where a large improvement is available), because of a large area of "hidden" terminals and the long vulnerable period generated by them. As an example of an inhomogeneous terminal distribution, the effect of a gap in an otherwise randomly distributed terminal population on the expected progress of packets crossing the gap is considered. In this case, the disadvantage of using a large transmission radius is demonstrated.
7DD2645E	Analytical techniques for performance evaluation of synchronous random access packet switching in code division multiple access (CDMA) systems are presented. Steady-state throughput characteristics using several packet generation models are obtained. A number of example random access CDMA systems are compared in terms of their throughput versus offered traffic and utilization-delay characteristics. Numerical results indicate that appropriate use of multiaccess coding can provide utilization-delay characteristics superior to that of ALOHA. System stability is evaluated using a general finite user model, and the dynamic behavior of some example random access CDMA schemes is investigated
78FA01ED	In this paper, we use a Markov model to develop a product form solution to efficiently analyze the throughput of arbitrary topology multihop packet radio networks that employ a carrier sensing multiple access (CSMA) protocol with perfect capture. We consider both exponential and nonexponential packet length distributions. Our method preserves the dependence between nodes, characteristic of CSMA, and determines the joint probability that nodes are transmitting. The product form analysis provides the basis for an automated algorithm that determines the maximum throughput in networks of size up to 100 radio nodes. Numerical examples for several networks are presented. This model has led to many theoretical and practical extensions. These include determination of conditions for product form analysis to hold, extension to other access protocols, and consideration of acknowledgments
8141E17F	Heterogeneous wireless systems are envisaged as the integration and joint cooperative management of diverse radio access networks and technologies through which network providers can satisfy the wide variety of user/service demands in a more efficient manner by exploiting their varying characteristics and properties. To achieve this objective, a key tool is common radio resource management technique designed to jointly manage the radio resources from different radio access technologies. In this context, this work proposes and optimizes new common radio resource management techniques designed to efficiently distribute traffic among the available radio access technologies while providing adequate quality of service levels under heterogeneous traffic scenarios. The obtained results demonstrate the ability of the proposed solutions to provide high user/service satisfaction levels while adequately exploiting the overall system resources.
783B00BD	It is energy-consuming and operationally cumbersome for all users to continuously estimate the channel quality before each transmission decision in opportunistic scheduling over wireless fading channels. This observation motivates us to understand whether and how opportunistic gains can still be achieved with significant reductions in channel probing requirements and without centralized coordination amongst the competing users. To that end, we first study a simple scenario that motivates us to consider the general setup and develop probing and transmission schemes that are amenable to distributed implementation. After characterizing the maximum achievable throughput region under the probing constraints, we provide an optimal probing algorithm. Noting the difficulties in the implementation of the centralized solution, we develop a novel Sequential Greedy Probing (SGP) algorithm, which is naturally well-suited for physical implementation and distributed operation. We show that the SGP algorithm is optimal in the important scenario of symmetric and independent ON-OFF fading channels. Then, we study a variant of the SGP algorithm in general fading channels to obtain its efficiency ratio as an explicit function of the channel statistics and rates, and note its tightness in the symmetric and independent ON-OFF fading scenario. We further discuss the distributed implementation of these greedy solutions by using the Fast-CSMA technique.
7ACBCD1A	A cross-network cross-layer design method is proposed to exploit the trunking, diversity, and best service assignment gains available in a heterogeneous wireless network (HWN), consisting of orthogonal radio access networks (RANs) and interference-limited RANs. Accounting for traffic-level dynamics and channel fading, we jointly design the distribution strategy for elastic and inelastic traffic, and the radio resource management strategy for RANs, in a network-separable control architecture. Optimal and quantified near-optimal radio allocation schemes are proposed for each type of RAN, which are combined into an on-line design framework that over time provides asymptotically optimal performance, maximizing the sum throughput utility for elastic traffic while guaranteeing the throughput requirements of inelastic traffic. Extensive simulation results demonstrate substantial performance improvement against suboptimal alternatives.
7D18D398	We consider the problem of finding the jointly optimal end-to-end communication rates, routing, power allocation and transmission scheduling for wireless networks. In particular, we focus on finding the resource allocation that achieves fair end-to-end communication rates. Using realistic models of several rate and power adaption schemes, we show how this cross-layer optimization problem can be formulated as a nonlinear mathematical program. We develop a specialized solution method, based on a nonlinear column generation technique, and prove that it converges to the globally optimal solution. We present computational results from a large set of networks and discuss the insight that can be gained about the influence of power control, spatial reuse, routing strategies and variable transmission rates on network performance
802732A6	The focused attention of the community on energy issues in the study and design of wireless networks has spurred a great deal of research on the subject. In this article a brief overview is provided of what constitutes the major energy efficiency issues in ad hoc networks. Emphasis is placed on key conceptual points, which are then illustrated in the case study of wireless multicasting of connection-oriented traffic.
7CFE91B3	In multihop wireless networks, designing distributed scheduling algorithms to achieve the maximal throughput is a challenging problem because of the complex interference constraints among different links. Traditional maximal-weight scheduling (MWS), although throughput-optimal, is difficult to implement in distributed networks. On the other hand, a distributed greedy protocol similar to IEEE 802.11 does not guarantee the maximal throughput. In this paper, we introduce an adaptive carrier sense multiple access (CSMA) scheduling algorithm that can achieve the maximal throughput distributively. Some of the major advantages of the algorithm are that it applies to a very general interference model and that it is simple, distributed, and asynchronous. Furthermore, the algorithm is combined with congestion control to achieve the optimal utility and fairness of competing flows. Simulations verify the effectiveness of the algorithm. Also, the adaptive CSMA scheduling is a modular MAC-layer algorithm that can be combined with various protocols in the transport layer and network layer. Finally, the paper explores some implementation issues in the setting of 802.11 networks.
818F5929	We consider the problem of allocating resources (time slots, frequency, power, etc.) at a base station to many competing flows, where each flow is intended for a different receiver. The channel conditions may be time-varying and different for different receivers. It is well-known that appropriately chosen queue-length based policies are throughput-optimal while other policies based on the estimation of channel statistics can be used to allocate resources fairly (such as proportional fairness) among competing users. In this paper, we show that a combination of queue-length-based scheduling at the base station and congestion control implemented either at the base station or at the end users can lead to fair resource allocation and queue-length stability.
7E61E273	We consider optimal control for general networks with both wireless and wireline components and time varying channels. A dynamic strategy is developed to support all traffic whenever possible, and to make optimally fair decisions about which data to serve when inputs exceed network capacity. The strategy is decoupled into separate algorithms for flow control, routing, and resource allocation, and allows each user to make decisions independent of the actions of others. The combined strategy is shown to yield data rates that are arbitrarily close to the optimal operating point achieved when all network controllers are coordinated and have perfect knowledge of future events. The cost of approaching this fair operating point is an end-to-end delay increase for data that is served by the network. Analysis is performed at the packet level and considers the full effects of queueing.
7DFC1EE1	In the heterogeneous networks, radio resource management (RRM) plays an important role to utilize the potential network diversity. In this paper, we study the RRM strategy in the heterogeneous networks involved with an orthogonal frequency division multiple access (OFDMA) network, with the aim of maximizing the minimum user throughput. An analytical model which reflects the feature of heterogeneous networks is presented in order to formulate the RRM problem. Assuming that the system can support multi-homing access and the subcarrier can be shared by multiple users in the OFDMA network, the problem can be formulated by a convex optimization problem and the optimal solution is obtained. We also propose a suboptimal RRM algorithm for practical applications, including network selection and resource allocation in each network. The performance of the proposed RRM algorithms is evaluated in the heterogeneous long term evolution (LTE)-wireless local area network (WLAN) networks. Our simulation results show considerable gains in comparison to the performance of LTE-Only and WLAN-First strategies. In addition, the performance gap between the optimal solution and suboptimal algorithm becomes minor as the number of users increases.
7BDB4E96	 librarians have attended Morning Report twice weekly, conducting searches related to the case presented. Over the years, several formats have been used and refined. In one, a house officer was assigned to work with the librarians in the library to find two papers that answered one question related to the assigned case. Because the ability of house officers to come to the library varied greatly, the feasibility of providing a laptop in the Internal Medicine conference room where the cases were presented was explored. This project involved providing a laptop computer using a wireless network to Internal Medicine residents immediately at the conclusion of Morning Report.
7EB0BE7B	One of the major challenges in wireless networking is how to optimize the link scheduling decisions under interference constraints. Recently, a few algorithms have been introduced to address the problem. However, solving the problem to optimality for general wireless interference models is known to be NP-hard. The research community is currently focusing on finding simpler suboptimal scheduling algorithms and on characterizing the algorithm performance. In this paper, we address the performance of a specific scheduling policy called Longest Queue First (LQF), which has gained significant recognition lately due to its simplicity and high efficiency in empirical studies. There has been a sequence of studies characterizing the guaranteed performance of the LQF schedule, culminating at the construction of the σ-local pooling concept by Joo In this paper, we refine the notion of σ -local pooling and use the refinement to capture a larger region of guaranteed performance.
7EDA7C70	In this paper, we address the rate control problem in a multi-hop random access wireless network, with the objective of achieving proportional fairness amongst the end-to-end sessions. The problem is considered in the framework of nonlinear optimization. Compared to its counterpart in a wired network where link capacities are assumed to be fixed, rate control in a multi-hop random access network is much more complex and requires joint optimization at both the transport layer and the link layer. This is due to the fact that the attainable throughput on each link in the network is `elastic' and is typically a non-convex and non-separable function of the transmission attempt rates. Two cross-layer algorithms, a dual based algorithm and a primal based algorithm, are proposed in this paper to solve the rate control problem in a multi-hop random access network. Both algorithms can be implemented in a distributed manner, and work at the link layer to adjust link attempt probabilities and at the transport layer to adjust session rates. We prove rigorously that the two proposed algorithms converge to the globally optimal solutions. Simulation results are provided to support our conclusions.
7D285C30	In this paper, we derive new bounds on the throughput efficiency of Greedy Maximal Scheduling (GMS) for wireless networks of arbitrary topology under the general k -hop interference model. These results improve the known bounds for networks with up to 26 nodes under the 2-hop interference model. We also prove that GMS is throughput-optimal in small networks. In particular, we show that GMS achieves 100% throughput in networks with up to eight nodes under the 2-hop interference model. Furthermore, we provide a simple proof to show that GMS can be implemented using only local neighborhood information in networks of any size
8494A4DA	The success of emerging Broadband Wireless Access Networks (BWANs) such as 4G wireless cellular networks championed by Long Term Evolution (LTE) and IEEE 802.16 broadband wireless networks (WiMAX) will depend, among other factors, on their ability to manage their shared wireless resources in the most efficient way. This is a complex task due to the heterogeneous nature of access networks and the diverse bandwidth and Quality of Service (QoS) requirements of the applications that these networks are required support. Resource Management (RM) in BWANs requires considerations of elements at different networking dimensions and time scales. This talk describes our efforts in addressing the challenges to RM in BWANs in three main directions. The first describes a comprehensive bandwidth provisioning framework for BWANs at different time scales. We address the problem of dynamic bandwidth allocation in BWANs. We then discuss packet scheduling schemes at the frame level that employ practical economic models through the use of novel utility and opportunity cost functions to simultaneously satisfy the diverse QoS requirements of mobile users and maximize the revenues of network operators. The second direction entails the introduction of novel and non-traditional RM mechanisms that exploit network heterogeneity. We show how technologies within a BWAN can be enhanced through joint functionalities. The third direction shows how vertical handoffs, despite their challenges, can be used to the benefit of the service provider; and how the use of wireless multi-hop communication can be utilized in a structurally-hybrid environment to maintain a robust network operation. 80E51D22	The errors in optical communication are of the asymmetric type. Using the Z-channel model, the Bose-Lin asymmetric error detecting codes are analyzed as part of a feedback communication system. The probabilities of detectable and undetectable errors are derived from the code construction using certain properties of the information and check sequences. This is done for two check bits initially, then generalized for any number of check bits. Based on these probabilities, the accepted packet error rate and the throughput can be calculated for pure ARQ protocols. The results obtained show very good performance, in terms of error rate and throughput efficiency, for optical networks.
7F625A8B	This text presents a modern theory of analysis, control, and optimization for dynamic networks. Mathematical techniques of Lyapunov drift and Lyapunov optimization are developed and shown to enable constrained optimization of time averages in general stochastic systems. The focus is on communication and queueing systems, including wireless networks with time-varying channels, mobility, and randomly arriving traffic. A simple drift-plus-penalty framework is used to optimize time averages such as throughput, throughput-utility, power, and distortion. Explicit performance-delay tradeoffs are provided to illustrate the cost of approaching optimality. This theory is also applicable to problems in operations research and economics, where energy-efficient and profit-maximizing decisions must be made without knowing the future. Topics in the text include the following: - Queue stability theory - Backpressure, max-weight, and virtual queue methods - Primal-dual methods for non-convex stochastic utility maximization - Universal scheduling theory for arbitrary sample paths - Approximate and randomized scheduling theory - Optimization of renewal systems and Markov decision systems Detailed examples and numerous problem set questions are provided to reinforce the main concepts. Table of Contents: Introduction / Introduction to Queues / Dynamic Scheduling Example / Optimizing Time Averages / Optimizing Functions of Time Averages / Approximate Scheduling / Optimization of Renewal Systems / Conclusions
6C8A5880	This paper provides an overview of the flexible, high performance packet data channel (PDCH) that has been designed for high rate packet data services over IS-136 TDMA channel. To achieve the highest data rates in the limited 30 kHz channel bandwidth, the packet data channel is designed for adaptive modulation and in addition to a fixed coding mode, permits operation using an incremental redundancy mode.