5C270BFF	CPM waveforms, which are documented in MIL-STD-188-181B, are typically demodulated in superheterodyne receivers. This paper provides an outline for an alternate method of demodulation. The pulse count demodulation scheme is typically used as a method for demodulation of FM voice signals. The pulse count demodulator does not require fast A/D converters or automatic gain control anywhere in the receive path of the radio. Thus, the receive radio architecture can be designed without these components, decreasing the power requirements and size of the RF portion of the receiver. This paper investigates the performance characteristics of the CPM signal as demodulated through the pulse count demodulator. Some analysis is performed on the extent of the limitations in amplitude and phase accuracy and resolution. The design of the PCD is discussed and this paper provides the simulated results that represent the ultimate performance of the CPM waveform as demodulated through the pulse count demodulator.
77B78231	We present an improved and optimized formulation for the estimation of the multiscale amplitude-modulation frequency-modulation (AM-FM) estimates when (i) non-separable filters are used and (ii) the variable spacing, local linear phase method is used. Also, we introduce the use of multiscale directional filterbanks for the feature extraction of images. Recently, AM-FM methods have shown promising results in a variety of medical image analysis applications. The 2D optimized AM-FM demodulation described here presents advantages for feature extraction at different frequency scales and orientations that can be used to detect different patterns, directions, or structures in an image. We test the new formulation using a Gaussian amplitude-modulated Quadratic frequency-modulated synthetic image and natural images. The results show that the optimized estimation produces better results, up to 4.9 times for the IF estimation and in 3 orders of magnitude for the IA estimation, for noise-free signals compared to the state-of-the-art methods.
7EDAABCF	The problem of optimum demodulation of PM and FM signals when the phase modulator employed in the transmitter of the communication system exhibits saturation effects is studied. Quasi-optimum receivers with zero and finite lag are designed by making use of the state variable techniques. Performance results are presented graphically for a class of message signals, and it turns out that the effect of saturation in the phase modulator on the average performance of the system is essentially to reduce the modulation index.
7BB04FC7	In this paper, a measurement method for DTMB modulator which performs the estimation of timing and frequency offsets, channel impulse response (CIR), as well as modulation error ratio (MER) by using only two consecutive frames in an iterative manner is proposed to precisely measure the modulator performance in short time. Both simulation and lab testing results show that the measurement method could reflect the performance of DTMB modulator with high accuracy.
7E3A5596	We develop a mathematical framework for quantifying and understanding multidimensional frequency modulations in digital images. We begin with the widely accepted definition of the instantaneous frequency vector (IF) as the gradient of the phase and define the instantaneous frequency gradient tensor (IFGT) as the tensor of component derivatives of the IF vector. Frequency modulation bounds are derived and interpreted in terms of the eigendecomposition of the IFGT. Using the IFGT, we derive the ordinary differential equations (ODEs) that describe image flowlines. We study the diagonalization of the ODEs of multidimensional frequency modulation on the IFGT eigenvector coordinate system and suggest that separable transforms can be computed along these coordinates. We illustrate these new methods of image pattern analysis on textured and fingerprint images. We envision that this work will find value in applications involving the analysis of image textures that are nonstationary yet exhibit local regularity. Examples of such textures abound in nature
7FB42927	Error diffusion halftoning is a popular method of producing frequency modulated (FM) halftones for printing and display. FM halftoning fixes the dot size (e.g., to one pixel in conventional error diffusion) and varies the dot frequency according to the intensity of the original grayscale image. We generalize error diffusion to produce FM halftones with user-controlled dot size and shape by using block quantization and block filtering. As a key application, we show how block-error diffusion may be applied to embed information in hardcopy using dot shape modulation. We enable the encoding and subsequent decoding of information embedded in the hardcopy version of continuous-tone base images. The encoding-decoding process is modeled by robust data transmission through a noisy print-scan channel that is explicitly modeled. We refer to the encoded printed version as an image barcode due to its high information capacity that differentiates it from common hardcopy watermarks. The encoding/halftoning strategy is based on a modified version of block-error diffusion. Encoder stability, image quality versus information capacity tradeoffs, and decoding issues with and without explicit knowledge of the base image are discussed
752793FB	Phase Generated Carrier (PGC) with directly Frequency Modulation (FM) is one of the most important demodulation methods for optical fiber interferometric sensor system. Previous research has confirmed that system performance using Orthogonal Demodulation Type PGC (ODT-PGC) method is determined by many parameters, such as signal phase delay, FM depth, laser intensity accompanying modulation. This article proposes a new PGC demodulation method based on Fixed Phase Delay (FPD-PGC) by 3x2 directional coupler, using second-harmonic components of two interferometric signals to demodulate. The demodulation principle of the new method is described in detail and its performances have been studied. Theoretical analysis and experimental results show that the new method combines main advantages of directional coupler method and ODT-PGC method, and eliminates, to a great extent, the impacts of FM depth, signal phase delay, intensity modulation. Signal-to-total-Harmonic Ratio (SHR) of new method increases more than 30dB compare with ODT-PGC method under the condition of intensity modulation coefficient is 0.4. Besides that, Signal to Noise Ratio (SNR) also improves significantly.
8019E2A9	We propose a digital receiver for FM subcarrier systems including the radio broadcast data systems (RBDS) and the radio data systems (RDS). The RBDS receiver is demodulating the 57 kHz modulated digital signal to the baseband RBDS digital signal. It contains carrier Costas loop synchronization techniques, a symbol timing recovery and decoding techniques, and an RBDS decoder. The RBDS decoder is used to recover the digital signal to the information data and sent to the output of the RBDS system. The main functions in the RBDS decoder are block error detection/correction, block synchronization, and block type detection.
811A640A	In this paper, a measurement method for DTMB modulator which performs the estimation of timing and frequency offsets, channel impulse response (CIR), as well as modulation error ratio (MER) by using only two consecutive frames in an iterative manner is proposed to precisely measure the modulator performance in short time. Both simulation and lab testing results show that the measurement method could reflect the performance of DTMB modulator with high accuracy.
7F884997	Discrete time state-space models for multiple source frequency modulated communications environments are developed and coupled digital phase-locked loop (CDPLL) estimator structures are derived based on the extended Kalman filter (EKF). Unlike related efforts found in the literature, the receiver presented includes both passband and baseband coupling between the DPLLs. Separability of two sources is investigated by examination of state observability and by simulations of the derived estimators. The relationship between the EKF and the CDPLL is presented and their linear and nonlinear behavior discussed. As the CDPLLs exhibit chaotic behavior during acquisition and cannot be linearized during tracking, acquisition and tracking characteristics are extracted from simulations. One simulation result is the effect of state observability on the coupling between the DPLLs; when the states are “strongly” observable, the states are not as tightly coupled. It is also shown that the loop bandwidths decrease during periods of “weak” observability.
80F9FEF7	Many motion-compensated image reconstruction (MCIR) methods have been proposed to correct for subject motion in medical imaging. MCIR methods incorporate motion models to improve image quality by reducing motion artifacts and noise. This paper analyzes the spatial resolution properties of MCIR methods and shows that nonrigid local motion can lead to nonuniform and anisotropic spatial resolution for conventional quadratic regularizers. This undesirable property is akin to the known effects of interactions between heteroscedastic log-likelihoods (e.g., Poisson likelihood) and quadratic regularizers. This effect may lead to quantification errors in small or narrow structures (such as small lesions or rings) of reconstructed images. This paper proposes novel spatial regularization design methods for three different MCIR methods that account for known nonrigid motion. We develop MCIR regularization designs that provide approximately uniform and isotropic spatial resolution and that match a user-specified target spatial resolution. Two-dimensional PET simulations demonstrate the performance and benefits of the proposed spatial regularization design methods.
7DAE9282	An algorithm for the separation and energy-based demodulation of two-component mixtures of AM-FM signals is presented. The proposed algorithm is based on the generating differential or difference equation of the mixture signal and nonlinear differential energy operators.
7F374D53	We propose the use of Amplitude-Modulation Frequency-Modulation (AM-FM) features for representing and retrieving X-Ray images with pneumoconiosis. The AM-FM features are estimated using multiscale filterbanks with wave-lengths related with the standard sizes for grading the level of opacities in X-Rays. The extracted AM-FM features represent opacity profusion in terms of instantaneous frequency (IF) and instantaneous amplitude (IA) features. Here, IF estimates in the medium and high scale frequencies can be used to capture early disease symptoms. AM-FM features from the low and medium scale frequencies are associated with advanced disease stages. We demonstrate the performance of the system in X-ray image retrieval and classification applications.
809138D8	It is shown that the nonlinear energy-tracking signal operator Psi (x)=(dx/dt)/sup 2/-xd/sup 2/x/dt/sup 2/ and its discrete-time counterpart can estimate the AM and FM modulating signals. Specifically, Psi can approximately estimate the amplitude envelope of AM signals and the instantaneous frequency of FM signals. Bounds are derived for the approximation errors, which are negligible under general realistic conditions. These results, coupled with the simplicity of Psi , establish the usefulness of the energy operator for AM and FM signal demodulation. These ideas are then extended to a more general class of signals that are sine waves with a time-varying amplitude and frequency and thus contain both an AM and an FM component; for such signals it is shown that Psi can approximately track the product of their amplitude envelope and their instantaneous frequency. The theoretical analysis is done for both continuous- and discrete-time signals.
7EFC98DF	Multidimensional amplitude-modulation frequency-modulation (AM-FM) models allow us to describe continuous-scale modulations in digital images. AM-FM models have led to a wide range of applications ranging from image and video compression, video image segmentation, to image retrieval in digital libraries. We present new, two-dimensional algorithms that provide significant improvements in both accuracy and speed over previously reported non-parametric approaches. Results are shown for both real and synthetic images.
786B632E	A two-dimensional (2-D) inverse synthetic aperture radar (ISAR) return signal model that employs stepped frequency (SF) modulation is developed. The geometry of the examined ISAR scenario is described by analytical geometrical equations. The target to be imaged is represented by a rectangular grid of point scatterers, moving along a rectilinear trajectory at constant speed, without any rotational motion. Thus, the inverse synthetic aperture results from the translational motion of the target for a short period of time. The process of ISAR signal modelling through coherent summation of the SF-modulated signals reflected from different point scatterers of the target is thoroughly described. Moreover, an efficient ISAR image reconstruction approach, including cross-correlation-based range compression and fast-Fourier-transform-based azimuth compression, is presented through analytical mathematical expressions. Numerical simulations are carried out for various SF ISAR scenarios and high-resolution ISAR images are obtained by applying the proposed ISAR image reconstruction approach. Simulation results (ISAR images and corresponding entropy values) indicate the validity of the proposed 2-D SF ISAR return signal model and the efficiency of the proposed imaging algorithms. Finally, a numerical simulation result is illustrated, which shows the comparison of the performance of the proposed ISAR image reconstruction algorithms based on SF and linear frequency modulation waveforms. It is shown that the two waveforms attain almost the same ISAR image resolution.
7870F50A	A new fault diagnosis method based on empirical mode decomposition (EMD) and homomorphic filtering demodulation is proposed for rolling bearing. The vibration signal of fault rolling bearing is decomposed into a series of intrinsic mode functions (IMFs) by EMD, then extract the envelopes from the outstanding IMFs with various fault characteristic information by homomorphic filtering demodulation and Hilbert envelope demodulation, and do the comparison analysis. The research results show that homomorphic filtering demodulation is superior to Hilbert envelope demodulation, and the combination of EMD and homomorphic filtering demodulation is an effective approach for rolling bearing fault diagnosis.
79EBCADB	In this paper, a new spectral precoding scheme is developed for constant-envelope orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing (CE-OFDM) signals to provide very small power spectral sidelobes. It is shown that the proposed spectrally precoded CE-OFDM scheme can provide higher spectral compactness than previously designed spectrally precoded CE-OFDM block scheme and continuous-phase CE-OFDM scheme.
7DD853D5	Position-sensitive detectors (PSDs), or lateral-effect photodiodes, are commonly used for high-speed, high-resolution optical position measurement. This paper describes the instrument design for multidimensional position and orientation measurement based on the simultaneous position measurement of multiple modulated sources using frequency-domain-multiplexed (FDM) PSDs. The important advantages of this optical configuration in comparison with laser/mirror combinations are that it has a large angular measurement range and allows the use of a probe that is small in comparison with the measurement volume. We review PSD characteristics and quantitative resolution limits, consider the lock-in amplifier measurement system as a communication link, discuss the application of FDM to PSDs, and make comparisons with time-domain techniques. We consider the phase-sensitive detector as a multirate DSP problem, explore parallels with Fourier spectral estimation and filter banks, discuss how to choose the modulation frequencies and sample rates that maximize channel isolation under design constraints, and describe efficient digital implementation. We also discuss hardware design considerations, sensor calibration, probe construction and calibration, and 3-D measurement by triangulation using two sensors. As an example, we characterize the resolution, speed, and accuracy of an instrument that measures the position and orientation of a 10 mm times 5 mm probe in 5 degrees of freedom (DOF) over a 30-mm cube with 4-mum peak-to-peak resolution at 1-kHz sampling.
75EB8088	To have higher resolution of distance in the laser scanner using the phase demodulation method, to demodulate using an intermediate frequency is advantageous. This method is called the multiple phase demodulation method. In the multiple phase demodulation method several frequencies are used for signal processing. These signals are made from the oscillator and the programmable clock source. Even though the clock source is well synchronized with the oscillator, the initial phase error problem can be occurred since the operating points of both signal sources are not exactly simultaneous. In this work, the experimental results are presented to show how the initial phase error problem is solved.
7F6A882D	In wireless sensor networks (WSN), location information acquisition is critical to guarantee their performance. This paper presents a new positioning method in WSN with high precision at reasonable implementation cost for 3D case. Reference nodes with known locations transmit linear frequency modulation continuous wave (FMCW), while other sensor nodes estimate the range difference to them based on the received signals' frequency difference, called time frequency difference arrival (TFDA). The location information can be obtained by solving a set of hyperbolic equations. Two different positioning methods: Taylor iterative method and Chan's method are inspected and compared in terms of accuracy, constraints and computational complexity. This proposed technique is cost-effective, scalable and easy to implement. The simulation results show that the new method enjoys high precision.
7E99AABF	The Teager-Kaiser energy operator and the related energy separation algorithm (ESA) find numerous applications in various problems related to monocomponent AM-FM demodulation. This energy-operator-based approach, however, applies only to signals with narrowband frequency content, i.e., the information bandwidth and frequency deviation about the carrier are small relative to the carrier frequency. For signals with large frequency deviation, modulation indices, this approximation fails, and the ESA incurs large frequency/amplitude demodulation errors. In this letter, we develop a generalized energy-operator-based approach that uses frequency transformations derived from multirate operations such as decimation/interpolation and heterodyning. This generalized approach is shown to produce significant reduction of the demodulation error over the conventional ESA, particularly where the modulation index or frequency deviation is large.
7FFE99D0	This report discusses heterodyne holographic interferometry and time-average holography with a frequency shifted reference beam. Both methods will be used for the measurement and visualization of internal transonic flows, where the target facility is a flutter cascade. The background and experimental requirements for both methods are reviewed. Measurements using heterodyne holographic interferometry are presented. The performance of the laser required for time-average holography of time-varying transonic flows is discussed. 
7EE520BE	In this paper, we investigate the problem of choosing the best domain for embedding watermarks in digital still images. During this paper, twelve watermarking techniques were implemented and evaluated. Four techniques were selected to represent different approaches of embedding data in spatial domain, three approaches using discrete cosine transform (DCT) domain, two approaches using discrete wavelet transform domain (DWT) domain, and two combined DWT-DCT techniques. The algorithms were chosen to represent a range of computational complexities and implementation structures. The performance of the selected algorithms was evaluated with respect to many perceptibility parameters.
7E84C3E6	Two methods of vestigial sideband (VSB) realization, the staggered modulation (SM) and cosine modulation (CM), are analyzed. It is shown that if the SM method is used to eliminate the frequency spectral redundancy, the modulation error rate (MER) performance is lower than CM's. However, the CM scheme is considered to be higher computational complexity. To resolve the existing drawbacks, the improved staggering modulation (ISM) method based on staggered quadrature amplitude modulated (SQAM) is proposed. Utilizing the interpolation filter instead of the time shifting filter, ISM approach simplifies the complexity of modulation without loss of the MER performance.
78962906	An improved demodulation method by solving a quadratic equation was proposed for the phase generated carrier (PGC) scheme with frequency modulation to suppress the impact of laser intensity modulation (LIM). The influence of LIM on total harmonic distortion (THD) was analyzed for PGC algorithm considering laser intensity modulation coefficient (LIMC), signal amplitude, initial phase and modulation depth. According to our analysis, the maximum THD of PGC algorithm is more than -24dB when LIMC is 0.1. While the maximum THD is less than -65dB by using the improved method when LIMC is less than 0.5, which is limited by the low-pass filter. For an experiment system with 0.285 LIMC, the THD was -9dB for PGC algorithm. By using the improved method, the THD approached -50dB
8000711F	This paper presents a computer-aided diagnostic (CAD) system for analyzing chest radiographs based on the International Labor Organization (ILO) standards. We introduce an amplitude-modulation frequency-modulation (AM-FM) based methodology by which a computer-based system will extract AM-FM features and detect those with suspected interstitial lung diseases. For classification, we use Partial Least Squares (PLS) using a low number of extracted factors (making the system robust). We consider several different AM-FM classifiers based on extracting features from individual scales as well as a final classifier that combines results from the individuals scales. We validate our methodology on 11 standard images graded according to the ILO standard. For several scales, as well as for the combined classifier that uses information from all scales, we get excellent classification results (area under the receiver operator characteristics curve equal to 1.0) using a limited number of latent PLS factors.
7ABD9C76	We propose a modular architecture for long-haul optical networks supporting flexible-bandwidth superchannels. Colorless transceivers can be designed to modulate/detect up to M = 4 subcarriers, each at a symbol rate of 12.5 Gbaud, achieving a maximum bit rate of 200 Gbit/s, assuming polarization-multiplexed quadrature phase-shift keying (PM-QPSK). A set of N synchronized transceivers can cooperate to modulate/detect a superchannel comprising N·M subcarriers using no-guard-interval orthogonal frequency-division multiplexing, enabling transmission at bit rates beyond 1 Tbit/s. We analyze and simulate the performance of the proposed architecture in the presence of linear fiber impairments and synchronization errors and establish design requirements for practical deployment of the architecture. Simulation results are shown for transmission of a superchannel comprising 24 subcarriers, which conveys approximately 1.1 Tbit/s with a spectral efficiency of 3.5 bits/s/Hz using PM-QPSK.
7D0C33EE	In this paper, a novel adaptive digital image watermarking model based on modified Fuzzy C-means clustering is proposed. For watermark embedding process, we used Discrete Wavelet Transform (DWT). A segmentation technique XieBeni integrated Fuzzy C-means clustering (XFCM) is used to identify the segments of original image to expose suitable locations for embedding watermark. We also pre-processed the host image using Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) to lend a hand to the clustering process. The goal is to focus on proper segmentation of the image so that the embedded watermark can withstand common image processing attacks and provide security to digital images. Several attacks were performed on the watermarked images and original watermark was extracted. Performance measures like PSNR, MSE, CC were computed to test the extracted watermarks with and without attacks. Experimental results show that the proposed scheme has performed well in terms of imperceptibility and robustness when compared to other watermarking models.
7D712204	We develop new amplitude-modulated frequency-modulated (AM-FM) based methods to address some issues associated with the semantic gap between visual and mathematical features presented by retinal diseases such as age-related macular degeneration (AMD). Through the processing of simulated and real, clinical retinal images we gain an understanding of the effects of basic morphological characteristics of lesions associated with AMD. Through synthetic simulations, we discuss how histograms of the instantaneous amplitude and the instantaneous frequency magnitude, extracted from different scales, can be used to differentiate between images of different sizes and edge sharpness, while maintaining invariance with respect to rotations. We show that AM-FM features extracted from low and very-low frequency scales can clearly differentiate between retinal images containing Temporal Concentrated Drusen (TCD) and Geographic Atrophy (GA). Shape, size, distribution and edge sharpness are visual features used by ophthalmologists in identifying lesions such as drusen. We propose the use of new AM-FM derived features to quantitatively define these visual descriptions.
7914A0A6	Previously investigated multicomponent AM-FM demodulation techniques either assume that the individual component signals are spectrally isolated from each other or that the components can be isolated by linear time-invariant filtering techniques and, consequently, break down in the case where the components overlap spectrally or when one of the components is stronger than the other. In this paper, we present a nonlinear algorithm for the separation and demodulation of discrete-time multicomponent AM-FM signals. Our approach divides the demodulation problem into two independent tasks: algebraic separation of the components based on periodicity assumptions and then monocomponent demodulation of each component by instantaneously tracking and separating its source energy into its amplitude and frequency parts. The proposed new algorithm avoids the shortcomings of previous approaches and works well for extremely small spectral separations of the components and for a wide range of relative amplitude/power ratios. We present its theoretical analysis and experimental results and outline its application to demodulation of cochannel FM voice signals.