685518E3	In a mobile ad hoc network, all the nodes will act as the client/server and it has the capability to forward the packets. Security is a major concern in a wireless network due to decentralised topology. Intruders may attack the transmission path between the source and destination. Existing technique used an ad hoc on demand vector AODV routing protocol to detect the attackers by an on demand basis. But it is not sufficient to detect all the denial of a service attack. Therefore, the proposed new protocol as an on-demand attack detection ODAD protocol is designed to detect various attacks in different ways. It contains three modes to detect the various attacks. They are: 1 finding drop node FDN; 2 acknowledgement ACK; 3 self-node correction SNC. These modes are used to detect the attackers inside the mobile ad hoc network and then inform about the intruders to the remaining node in the network. Experimental results analyse the performance of throughput, packet delivery rate, drop rate and delay. This technique decreases the delay and drop rate, and increases the delivery rate and throughput compared with the existing technique.
01DB3F19	A Distributed Denial of Service (DDoCS) attack consumes the resources of a remote host or network by sending a massive amount ofIP packets from many distributed hosts. It is a pressing problem on the Internet as demonstrated by recent attacks on major e-commerce servers andISPs. Since the attack is distributed and the attack tools evolve at a rapid and alarming rate, an effective solution must be formulated using a distributed and adaptive approach. In this paper, we propose a countermeasure againstDDoCS attacks using a method we call Active Shaping. Our method employs the Active Networks technologies, which incorporates programmability into network nodes. The Active Networks technology enables us to deter congestion and bandwidth consumption of the backbone network caused byDDoCS attacks, and to prevent our system from dropping packets of legitimate users mistakenly. This paper introduces the concept of our method, system design and evaluates the effectiveness of our method using a prototype.
80FFEEEE	This paper presents a simple and robust mechanism, called change-point monitoring (CPM), to detect denial of service (DoS) attacks. The core of CPM is based on the inherent network protocol behavior and is an instance of the sequential change point detection. To make the detection mechanism insensitive to sites and traffic patterns, a nonparametric cumulative sum (CUSUM) method is applied, thus making the detection mechanism robust, more generally applicable, and its deployment much easier. CPM does not require per-flow state information and only introduces a few variables to record the protocol behaviors. The statelessness and low computation overhead of CPM make itself immune to any flooding attacks. As a case study, the efficacy of CPM is evaluated by detecting a SYN flooding attack - the most common DoS attack. The evaluation results show that CPM has short detection latency and high detection accuracy
80EC4C12	Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) flooding attacks are one of the biggest concerns for security professionals. DDoS flooding attacks are typically explicit attempts to disrupt legitimate users' access to services. Attackers usually gain access to a large number of computers by exploiting their vulnerabilities to set up attack armies (i.e., Botnets). Once an attack army has been set up, an attacker can invoke a coordinated, large-scale attack against one or more targets. Developing a comprehensive defense mechanism against identified and anticipated DDoS flooding attacks is a desired goal of the intrusion detection and prevention research community. However, the development of such a mechanism requires a comprehensive understanding of the problem and the techniques that have been used thus far in preventing, detecting, and responding to various DDoS flooding attacks. In this paper, we explore the scope of the DDoS flooding attack problem and attempts to combat it. We categorize the DDoS flooding attacks and classify existing countermeasures based on where and when they prevent, detect, and respond to the DDoS flooding attacks. Moreover, we highlight the need for a comprehensive distributed and collaborative defense approach. Our primary intention for this work is to stimulate the research community into developing creative, effective, efficient, and comprehensive prevention, detection, and response mechanisms that address the DDoS flooding problem before, during and after an actual attack.
8139352D	Bluetooth, a protocol designed to replace peripheral cables, has grown steadily over the last five years and includes a variety of applications. The Bluetooth protocol operates on a wide variety of mobile and wireless devices and is nearly ubiquitous. Several attacks exist that successfully target and exploit Bluetooth enabled devices. This paper describes the implementation of a network intrusion detection system for discovering malicious Bluetooth traffic. The work improves upon existing techniques, which only detect a limited set of attacks (based on measuring anomalies in the power levels of the Bluetooth device). The new method identifies reconnaissance, denial of service, and information theft attacks on Bluetooth enabled devices, using signatures of the attacks. Furthermore, this system includes an intrusion response component to detect attacks in progress, based on the attack classification. This paper presents the implementation of the Bluetooth intrusion detection system and demonstrates its detection, analysis, and response capabilities. The tool includes a visualization interface to facilitate the understanding of Bluetooth enabled attacks. The experimental results show that the system can significantly improve the overall security of an organization by identifying and responding to threats posed to the Bluetooth protocol.
80802D68	Denial of Service (DoS) attacks constitute one of the major threats and among the hardest security problems in today’s Internet. Of particular concern are Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks, whose impact can be proportionally severe. With little or no advance warning, a DDoS attack can easily exhaust the computing and communication resources of its victim within a short period of time. Because of the seriousness of the problem many defense mechanisms have been proposed to combat these attacks. This paper presents a structural approach to the DDoS problem by developing a classification of DDoS attacks and DDoS defense mechanisms. Furthermore, important features of each attack and defense system category are described and advantages and disadvantages of each proposed scheme are outlined. The goal of the paper is to place some order into the existing attack and defense mechanisms, so that a better understanding of DDoS attacks can be achieved and subsequently more efficient and effective algorithms, techniques and procedures to combat these attacks may be developed.
754763FE	Recently many prominent web sites face so called Distributed Denial of Service Attacks (DDoS). While former security threats could be faced by a tight security policy and active measures like using rewalls, vendor patches etc. these DDoS are new in suchway that there is no completely satisfying protection yet. In this paper we categorize different forms of attacks and give an overview over the most common DDoS tools. Furthermore we present a solution based on Class Based Routing mechanisms in the Linux kernel that will prevent the most severe impacts of DDoS on clusters of web servers with a prepended load balancing server. The goal is to keep the web servers under attack responding to the normal client requests. Some performance tests and a comparison to other approaches conclude our paper.
7D1512FE	Nowadays, web servers are suffering from application layer distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks, to which network layer solutions is not applicable as attackers are indistinguishable based on packets or protocols. In this study, the authors propose trust management helmet (TMH) as a partial solution to this problem, which is a lightweight mitigation mechanism that uses trust to differentiate legitimate users from attackers. Its key insight is that a server should give priority to protecting the connectivity of good users during application layer DDoS attacks, instead of identifying all the attack requests. The trust to clients is evaluated based on their visiting history and used to schedule the service to their requests. The authors introduce license, for user identification (even beyond NATs) and storing the trust information at clients. The license is cryptographically secured against forgery or replay attacks. The authors realise this mitigation mechanism and implement it as a Java package and use it for evaluation. The simulation results show that TMH is effective in mitigating session flooding attack: even with 20 times number of attackers, more than 99% of the sessions from legitimate users are accepted with TMH; whereas less than 18% are accepted without it. Moreover, we found that the additional computation cost on the deployed server is neglectable and the bandwidth overhead is acceptable.
753525DC	Self-organized maps (SOM) use an unsupervised learning technique to independently organize a set of input patterns into various classes. In this paper, we use an ensemble of SOMs to identify computer attacks and characterize them appropriately using the major classes of computer attacks (denial of service, probe, user-to-root and remote-to-local). The procedure produces a set of confidence levels for each connection as a way to describe the connection's behavior.
8163EF49	This paper presents a new distributed approach to detecting DDoS (distributed denial of services) flooding attacks at the traffic-flow level The new defense system is suitable for efficient implementation over the core networks operated by Internet service providers (ISPs). At the early stage of a DDoS attack, some traffic fluctuations are detectable at Internet routers or at the gateways of edge networks. We develop a distributed change-point detection (DCD) architecture using change aggregation trees (CAT). The idea is to detect abrupt traffic changes across multiple network domains at the earliest time. Early detection of DDoS attacks minimizes the floe cling damages to the victim systems serviced by the provider. The system is built over attack-transit routers, which work together cooperatively. Each ISP domain has a CAT server to aggregate the flooding alerts reported by the routers. CAT domain servers collaborate among themselves to make the final decision. To resolve policy conflicts at different ISP domains, a new secure infrastructure protocol (SIP) is developed to establish mutual trust or consensus. We simulated the DCD system up to 16 network domains on the Cyber Defense Technology Experimental Research (DETER) testbed, a 220-node PC cluster for Internet emulation experiments at the University of Southern California (USC) Information Science Institute. Experimental results show that four network domains are sufficient to yield a 98 percent detection accuracy with only 1 percent false-positive alarms. Based on a 2006 Internet report on autonomous system (AS) domain distribution, we prove that this DDoS defense system can scale well to cover 84 AS domains. This security coverage is wide enough to safeguard most ISP core networks from real-life DDoS flooding attacks.
7E50D7D3	A low-rate distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack has significant ability of concealing its traffic because it is very much like normal traffic. It has the capacity to elude the current anomaly-based detection schemes. An information metric can quantify the differences of network traffic with various probability distributions. In this paper, we innovatively propose using two new information metrics such as the generalized entropy metric and the information distance metric to detect low-rate DDoS attacks by measuring the difference between legitimate traffic and attack traffic. The proposed generalized entropy metric can detect attacks several hops earlier (three hops earlier while the order α = 10 ) than the traditional Shannon metric. The proposed information distance metric outperforms (six hops earlier while the order α = 10) the popular Kullback-Leibler divergence approach as it can clearly enlarge the adjudication distance and then obtain the optimal detection sensitivity. The experimental results show that the proposed information metrics can effectively detect low-rate DDoS attacks and clearly reduce the false positive rate. Furthermore, the proposed IP traceback algorithm can find all attacks as well as attackers from their own local area networks (LANs) and discard attack traffic.
252C6489	Distributed Denial-of-Service attack (DDoS) is one of the most outstanding menaces on the Internet. A DDoS attack generally attempts to overwhelm the victim in order to deny their services to legitimate users. A number of approaches have been proposed for defending against DDoS attacks accurately in real time. However, existing schemes have limits in terms of detection accuracy an d delay if the IDRS (Intrusion Detection and Response System) deployed only at a specific location detects and responds against attacks. As in this case, it is not able to catch the characteristic of the attack which is distributed in large-scale. Moreover, the existing detection schemes have vulnerabilities to intellectual DDoS attacks which are able to avoid its detection threshold or delay its detection time. This paper suggests the effective DDoS defense system which uses the collaborative scheme among distributed IDRSs located in the vicinity of the attack source or victim network. In proposed scheme, both victim and source-end IDRS work synergistically to identify the attack and avoid false alarm rate up to great extent. Additionally, we propose the duplicate detection window scheme to detect various attacks dynamics which increase the detection threshold gradually in early stage. The proposed scheme can effectively detect and respond against these diverse DDoS attack dynamics.
5C00C81D	Traditional networking is being progressively replaced by Software Defined Networking (SDN). It is a new promising approach to designing, building and managing networks. In comparison with traditional routed networks, SDN enables programmable and dynamic networks. Although it promises more flexible network management, one should be aware of current and upcoming security threats accompanied with its deployment. Our goal is to analyze SDN accompanied with OpenFlow protocol from the perspective of Distributed Denial of Service attacks (DDoS). In this paper, we outline our research questions related to an analysis of current and new possibilities of realization, detection and mitigation of DDoS attacks in this environment.
8066C0BF	The interaction between TCP and various active queue management (AQM) algorithms has been extensively analyzed for the last few years. However, the analysis usually assumed that routers and TCP flows are not under any network attacks. In this paper, we investigate how the performance of TCP flows is affected by denial-of-service (DoS) attacks under the drop tail and various AQM schemes. In particular, we consider two types of DoS attacks-the traditional flooding-based DoS (FDDoS) attacks and the recently proposed pulsing DoS (PDoS) attacks. Both analytical and simulation results support that the PDoS attacks are more effective than the FDDoS attacks under the same average attack rate. Moreover, the drop tail surprisingly outperforms the RED-like AQMs when the router is under a PDoS attack, whereas the RED-like AQMs perform better under a severe FDDoS attack. On the other hand, the Adaptive Virtual Queue algorithm can retain a higher TCP throughput during PDoS attacks as compared with the RED-like AQMs.
5D2253F3	The Border Gateway Protocol (BGP) is a fundamental component of the current Internet infrastructure. Due to the inherent trust relationship between peers, control of a BGP router could enable an attacker to redirect traffic allowing man-in-the-middle attacks or to launch a large-scale denial of service. It is known that BGP has weaknesses that are fundamental to the protocol design. Many solutions to these weaknesses have been proposed, but most require resource intensive cryptographic operations and modifications to the existing protocol and router software. For this reason, none of them have been widely adopted. However, the threat necessitates an effective, immediate solution.We propose a system that is capable of detecting malicious inter-domain routing update messages through passive monitoring of BGP traffic. This approach requires no protocol modifications and utilizes existing monitoring infrastructure. The technique relies on a model of the autonomous system connectivity to verify that route advertisements are consistent with the network topology. By identifying anomalous update messages, we prevent routers from accepting invalid routes. Utilizing data provided by the Route Views project, we demonstrate the ability of our system to distinguish between legitimate and potentially malicious traffic.
7B55777A	Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS) attacks have caused continuous critical threats to the Internet services. DDoS attacks are generally conducted at the network layer. Many DDoS attack detection methods are focused on the IP and TCP layers. However, they are not suitable for detecting the application layer DDoS attacks. In this paper, we propose a scheme based on web user browsing behaviors to detect the application layer DDoS attacks (app-DDoS). A clustering method is applied to extract the access features of the web objects. Based on the access features, an extended hidden semi-Markov model is proposed to describe the browsing behaviors of web user. The deviation from the entropy of the training data set fitting to the hidden semi-Markov model can be considered as the abnormality of the observed data set. Finally experiments are conducted to demonstrate the effectiveness of our model and algorithm. 
7ED0AEF8	In this poster, based on our previous work in building a lightweight DDoS (Distributed Denial-of-Services) attacks detection mechanism for web server using TCM-KNN (Transductive Confidence Machines for K-Nearest Neighbors) and genetic algorithm based instance selection methods, we further propose a more efficient and effective instance selection method, named E-FCM (Extend Fuzzy C-Means). By using this method, we can obtain much cheaper training time for TCM-KNN while ensuring high detection performance. Therefore, the optimized mechanism is more suitable for lightweight DDoS attacks detection in real network environment.
8010F0E4	In a Delay-Tolerant Network (DTN), data originating from a source node may be delivered to the destination node, despite the non-existence of end-to-end connectivity between them at all times. In an adversarial environment such as a battlefield, DTN nodes could be compromised to launch Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks by generating excess data, to cause an overflow of the limited resources of the legitimate nodes, hence decreasing the network throughput. A node may also display selfish behavior by generating more data than allowed, to increase its throughput and to decrease the latency of its data packets. In this paper, we term such a DoS attack and selfish data generation behavior, a resource-misuse attack. We study two types of resource-misuse attacks, breadth attacks and depth attacks. Accordingly, we propose different schemes to detect these attacks. Trace-driven simulations using both a synthetic and a real-world trace show that our detection schemes have low average detection latency and additionally, probabilistic detection of the depth attack has low false positive and false negative rates.
7E768027	Mobile Ad Hoc Networks are vulnerable to various types of Denial of Service (DoS) attacks for the absence of fixed network infrastructure. The Gray Hole attack is a type of DoS attacks. In this attack, an adversary silently drops some or all of the data packets sent to it for further forwarding even when no congestion occurs. Firstly, DSR protocol, aggregate signature algorithm and network model were introduced. Secondly, we proposed to use aggregate signature algorithm to trace packet dropping nodes. The proposal was consisted of three related algorithms: the creating proof algorithm, the checkup algorithm and the diagnosis algorithm. The first was for creating proof, and the second was for checking up source route nodes, and the last was for locating the malicious nodes. Finally, the efficiency of the proposal was analyzed. The simulation results using ns-2 show that in a moderately changing network, most of the malicious nodes could be detected, the routing packet overhead was low, and the packet delivery rate has been improved.
80B22E01	Launching a denial of service (DoS) attack is trivial, but detection and response is a painfully slow and often a manual process. Automatic classification of attacks as single- or multi-source can help focus a response, but current packet-header-based approaches are susceptible to spoofing. This paper introduces a framework for classifying DoS attacks based on header content, and novel techniques such as transient ramp-up behavior and spectral analysis. Although headers are easily forged, we show that characteristics of attack ramp-up and attack spectrum are more difficult to spoof. To evaluate our framework we monitored access links of a regional ISP detecting 80 live attacks. Header analysis identified the number of attackers in 67 attacks, while the remaining 13 attacks were classified based on ramp-up and spectral analysis. We validate our results through monitoring at a second site, controlled experiments, and simulation. We use experiments and simulation to understand the underlying reasons for the characteristics observed. In addition to helping understand attack dynamics, classification mechanisms such as ours are important for the development of realistic models of DoS traffic, can be packaged as an automated tool to aid in rapid response to attacks, and can also be used to estimate the level of DoS activity on the Internet.
81EDE1E2	In recent years, DoS (Denial of Service) attack and more powerful DDoS (Distributed DoS) attack pose security problems on the Internet. As the measure to these attacks, it is important to trace attackers and stop the attacks. However, since information of the attacker is ``spoofed'', it is difficult to trace. Therefore, the method of specifying attackers is required. Savage et al. proposed a method to trace flooding attacks by ``marked'' packets. This method, however, has some problems gathering the attack packets through a lot of hops. In this paper, we propose a method to solve this problem by observing the feature of attack traffic and change the ``marking probability'' of the routers. We implement algorithms both of our proposed method and extending marking method to estimate the efficiency of them. From the results of some experiments, we will conclude the effectiveness of our proposed scheme 
80B88823	In this paper we consider how to optimize a new generation of pulsing denial-of-service (PDoS) attacks from the attackers' points of views. The PDoS attacks are 'smarter' than the traditional attacks in several aspects. The most obvious one is that they require fewer attack packets to cause a similar damage. Another is that the PDoS attacks can be tuned to achieve different effects. This paper concentrates on the attack tuning part. In particular, we consider two conflicting goals involved in launching a PDoS attack: (1) maximizing the throughput degradation and (2) minimizing the risk of being detected. To address this problem, we first analyze the TCP throughput and quasi-global synchronization phenomenon caused by the PDoS attack. We then propose a family of objective functions to incorporate the two conflicting goals, and obtain the optimal attack settings. To validate the analytical results, we have carried out extensive experiments using both ns-2 simulation and a test-bed. The overall experimental results match well with the analytical results.
79E6CA97	We describe a two-dimensional architecture for defending against denial of service attacks. In one dimension,the architecture accounts for all resources consumed by each I/O path in the system; this accounting mechanism is implemented as an extension to the path object in the Scout operating system. In the second dimension, the various modules that define each path can be configured in separate protection domains; we implement hardware enforced protection domains, although other implementations are possible. The resulting system—which we call Escort—is the first example of a system that simultaneously does end-to-end resource accounting (thereby protecting against resource based denial of service attacks where principals can be identified) and supports multiple protection domains (thereby allowing untrusted modules to be isolated from each other). The paper describes the Escort architecture and its implementation in Scout, and reports a collection of experiments that measure the costs and benefits of using Escort to protect a web server from denial of service attacks.
7A652F84	Security experts generally acknowledge that the long-term solution to distributed denial of service attacks is to increase the security level of Internet computers. Attackers would then be unable to find zombie computers to control. Internet users would also have to set up globally coordinated filters to stop attacks early. However, the critical challenge in these solutions lies in identifying the incentives for the Internet's tens of millions of independent companies and individuals to cooperate on security and traffic control issues that do not appear to directly affect them. We give a brief introduction to: network weaknesses that DDoS attacks exploit; the technological futility of addressing the problem solely at the local level; potential global solutions; and why global solutions require an economic incentive framework.
7FDCED3F	The paper analyzes a network based denial of service attack for IP (Internet Protocol) based networks. It is popularly called SYN flooding. It works by an attacker sending many TCP (Transmission Control Protocol) connection requests with spoofed source addresses to a victim's machine. Each request causes the targeted host to instantiate data structures out of a limited pool of resources. Once the target host's resources are exhausted, no more incoming TCP connections can be established, thus denying further legitimate access. The paper contributes a detailed analysis of the SYN flooding attack and a discussion of existing and proposed countermeasures. Furthermore, we introduce a new solution approach, explain its design, and evaluate its performance. Our approach offers protection against SYN flooding for all hosts connected to the same local area network, independent of their operating system or networking stack implementation. It is highly portable, configurable, extensible, and requires neither special hardware, nor modifications in routers or protected end systems.
7E0481D7	DDoS attack flows distributed in many links exhibit directional nature, they are usually generated by certain tools and originate from different nodes, but have inherent dependencies in spatial when transit in network. This will cause correlation between the traffic where they traverse deviate from norm. By taking advantage of this feature, we propose a spatial correlation detection method deploying in backbone network to combat DDoS attack. In doing so, we first approximately estimate abnormality of every origin destination (OD) flow through comparing observations with predictions, then for OD flows with same destination, extracting spatial correlation between their abnormality estimations by principle component analysis(PCA). Abrupt change of spatial correlation indicates DDoS attack occurs. We evaluate the detection performance of our method in detecting synthetic DDoS attack that injected on real backbone traffic through receiver operating characteristic (ROC) curve. The contribution of this paper is utilizing spatial correlation between attack flows, rather than the volume of attack purely, facilitates us to detect relatively small attack being masked in tremendous traffic of backbone network. Moreover, contrary to the centralized computation of previous network-wide anomaly detection method, our method can be deployed separately in each node, in such a way that our method can adapt to different size of network, and thus scalable.
7DC336D3	Different signature or misuse based intrusion detection techniques; anomaly detection is accomplished of detecting novel attacks. However, the use of anomaly detection in practice is vulnerable by a high rate of false alarms. Pattern based techniques have been shown to make a low rate of false alarms, but are not as efficient as anomaly detection in detecting novel attacks,particularly when it comes to network probing and Denial-Of-Service (DOS) attacks. In this paper we find a new approach that merge pattern-based and anomaly-based intrusion detection, mitigating the weak point of the two approaches while increasing their strengths. Our approach begins with network protocols, and expands these state machines with information about statistics that need to be maintained to detect anomalies. 
80DF889E	Denial of service (DoS) attack on the Internet has become a pressing problem. In this paper, we describe and evaluate route-based distributed packet filtering (DPF), a novel approach to distributed DoS (DDoS) attack prevention. We show that DPF achieves proactiveness and scalability, and we show that there is an intimate relationship between the effectiveness of DPF at mitigating DDoS attack and power-law network topology.The salient features of this work are two-fold. First, we show that DPF is able to proactively filter out a significant fraction of spoofed packet flows and prevent attack packets from reaching their targets in the first place. The IP flows that cannot be proactively curtailed are extremely sparse so that their origin can be localized---i.e., IP traceback---to within a small, constant number of candidate sites. We show that the two proactive and reactive performance effects can be achieved by implementing route-based filtering on less than 20% of Internet autonomous system (AS) sites. Second, we show that the two complementary performance measures are dependent on the properties of the underlying AS graph. In particular, we show that the power-law structure of Internet AS topology leads to connectivity properties which are crucial in facilitating the observed performance effects.
80B9C13E	While there are many ongoing research efforts for Denial-of-Service (DoS) attacks in the general Internet environment, there is insufficient research on voice networks. In this paper, we present the design and evaluation of a SIP-TRW algorithm for detection of DDoS attack traffic in VoIP networks. We analyzed existing TRW algorithms for detection of DDoS attacks in the Internet. In order to apply existing algorithms to voice networks, we designed connection establishment and release processes, and defined the probability function.In order to verify the proposed algorithm, we determined the threshold value and defined the variables for the virtual traffic and the environment. Numerical results from the equation showed that there is 70% probability that the connection will break. It also showed that attacks will be detected within 1.2 seconds when the rate of attack is 10 packets per second. The detection time is within 0.5 seconds when the rate is 20 packets per second. We used NS-2 simulators to measure detection ratio by attack traffic type, and the detection time by attack speed. The results showed that detection took 4.3 seconds when one INVITE packet was sent every 0.1 seconds. The proposed algorithm detected 13280 out of 15000 different attack types, resulting in an 89% detection ratio.
5A8DE225	Distributed Denial-of-Service (DDoS) attacks are a major problem in the Internet today. In one form of a DDoS attack, a large number of compromised hosts send unwanted traffic to the victim, thus exhausting the resources of the victim and preventing it from serving its legitimate clients. One of the main mechanisms that have been proposed to deal with DDoS is filtering, which allows routers to selectively block unwanted traffic. Given the magnitude of DDoS attacks and the high cost of filters in the routers today, the successful mitigation of a DDoS attack using filtering crucially depends on the efficient allocation of filtering resources. In this paper, we consider a single router, typically the gateway of the victim, with a limited number of available filters. We study how to optimally allocate filters to attack sources, or entire domains of attack sources, so as to maximize the amount of good traffic preserved, under a constraint on the number of filters. We formulate the problem as an optimization problem and solve it optimally using dynamic programming, study the properties of the optimal allocation, experiment with a simple heuristic and evaluate our solutions for a range of realistic attack-scenarios. First, we look at a single-tier where the collateral damage is high due to the filtering at the granularity of domains. Second, we look at the two-tier problem where we have an additional constraint on the number of filters and the filtering is performed on the granularity of attackers and domains. 
778A3BAF	The basis of denial of service (DoS)/distributed DoS (DDoS) attacks lies in overwhelming a victim's computer resources by flooding them with enormous traffic. This is done by compromising multiple systems that send a high volume of traffic. The traffic is often formulated in such a way that it consumes finite resources at abnormal rates either at victim or network level. In addition, spoofing of source addresses makes it difficult to combat such attacks. This paper adopts a twofold collaborative mechanism, wherein the intermediate routers are engaged in markings and the victim uses these markings for detecting and filtering the flooding attacks. The markings are used to distinguish the legitimate network traffic from the attack so as to enable the routers near the victim to filter the attack packets. The marked packets are also helpful to backtrack the true origin of the spoofed traffic, thus dropping them at the source rather than allowing them to traverse the network. To further aid in the detection of spoofed traffic, Time to Live (TTL) in the IP header is used. The mappings between the IP addresses and the markings along with the TTLs are used to find the spurious traffic. We provide numerical and simulated experimental results to show the effectiveness of the proposed system in distinguishing the legitimate traffic from the spoofed. We also give a statistical report showing the performance of our system.
800818D7	This paper presents a new spectral template-matching approach to countering shrew distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attacks. These attacks are stealthy, periodic, pulsing, and low-rate in attack volume, very different from the flooding type of attacks. They are launched with high narrow spikes in very low frequency, periodically. Thus, shrew attacks may endanger the victim systems for a long time without being detected. In other words, such attacks may reduce the quality of services unnoticeably. Our defense method calls for collaborative detection and filtering (CDF) of shrew DDoS attacks. We detect shrew attack flows hidden in legitimate TCP/UDP streams by spectral analysis against pre-stored template of average attack spectral characteristics. This novel scheme is suitable for either software or hardware implementation.The CDF scheme is implemented with the NS-2 network simulator using real-life Internet background traffic mixed with attack datasets used by established research groups. Our simulated results show high detection accuracy by merging alerts from cooperative routers. Both theoretical modeling and simulation experimental results are reported here. The experiments achieved up to 95% successful detection of network anomalies along with a low 10% false positive alarms. The scheme cuts off malicious flows containing shrew attacks using a newly developed packet-filtering scheme. Our filtering scheme retained 99% of legitimate TCP flows, compared with only 20% TCP flows retained by using the Drop Tail algorithm. The paper also considers DSP, FPGA, and network processor implementation issues and discusses limitations and further research challenges.
795F12BD	The most popular method of authenticating users is through passwords. Though passwords are the most convenient means of authentication, they bring along themselves the threat of dictionary attacks. While offline dictionary attacks are possible only if the adversary is able to collect data for a successful protocol execution by eavesdropping on the communication channel and can be successfully countered by using public key cryptography, online dictionary attacks can be performed by anyone and there is no satisfactory solution to counter them. In this paper, we propose an authentication protocol which is easy to implement without any infrastructural changes and yet prevents online dictionary attacks. Our protocol uses only one way hash functions and eliminates online dictionary attacks by implementing a challenge-response system. This challenge-response system is designed in a fashion that it hardly poses any difficulty to a genuine user but is extremely burdensome, time consuming and computationally intensive for an adversary trying to launch as many as hundreds of thousands of authentication requests as in case of an online dictionary attack. The protocol is perfectly stateless and thus less vulnerable to denial of service (DoS) attacks.
7B0DB9B9	In order to detect the DoS attack (Denial-of-Service attack) when wireless mesh networks adopt AODV routing protocol of Ad Hoc networks. Such technologies as an end-to-end authentication, utilization rate of cache memory, two pre-assumed threshold value and distributed voting are used in this paper to detect DoS attacker, which is on the basic of hierarchical topology structure in wireless mesh networks. Through performance analysis in theory and simulations experiment, the scheme would improve the flexibility and accuracy of DoS attack detection, and would obviously improve its security in wireless mesh networks.
76C0F2C7	This paper proposes a novel feedback-based control technique that tackles distributed denial of service (DDoS) attacks in four consecutive phases. While protection routers close to the server control inbound traffc rate andkeeps the server alive (phase 1), the server negotiate with upstream routers close to traffc sources to install leaky-buckets for its IP address. The negotiation continues until a defense router on each traffc link accepts the request (phase 2). Next, the server through a feedback-control process adjusts size of leaky-buckets until inbound traffc locates in a desired range (phase 3). Then through a ﬁngerprint test, the server detects which port interfaces of defense routers purely carry good traffc and subsequently asks corresponding defense routers to remove the leaky-bucket limitations for those port interfaces. Additionally, the server amends size of leaky-buckets for the defense routers proportional to amount of good traffc that each one carries (phase 4). Simulation-based results shows that our technique effectively, defenses a victim server against various DDoS attacks such that in most cases more than 90% of good inbound traffc reaches the server while the DDoS attack has been controlled as well.
7FA83BCC	A solo attack may cause a big loss in computer and network systems, its prevention is, therefore, very inevitable. Precise detection is very important to prevent such losses. Such detection is a pivotal part of any security tools like intrusion detection system, intrusion prevention system, and firewalls etc. Therefore, an approach is provided in this paper to analyze denial of service attack by using a supervised neural network. The methodology used sampled data from Kddcup99 dataset, an attack database that is a standard for judgment of attack detection tools. The system uses multiple layered perceptron architecture and resilient backpropagation for its training and testing. The developed system is then applied to denial of service attacks. Moreover, its performance is also compared to other neural network approaches which results more accuracy and precision in detection rate.
7AC99BB6	Denial of Service (DoS) attacks are currently one of the biggest risks any organization connected to the Internet can face. Hence, the congestion handling techniques at the edge router(s), such as Active Queue Management (AQM) schemes must take into account such attacks. Ideally, an AQM scheme should (a) ensure that each network flow gets its fair share of bandwidth, and (b) identify attack flows so that corrective actions (e.g. drop flooding traffic) can be explicitly taken against them to further mitigate the DoS attacks. This paper presents a proof-of-concept work on devising such an AQM scheme, which we name Deterministic Fair Sharing (DFS). Most of the existing AQM schemes do not achieve the above goals or have significant room for improvement. DFS uses the concept of weighted fair share (wfs) that allows it to dynamically self-adjust the router buffer usage based on the current level of congestion, while aiding in identifying malicious flows. By using multiple data structures (a comprehensive repository and a cache) for keeping state of legitimate and malicious flows, DFS is able to optimize its runtime performance (e.g. higher bandwidth flows being handled by the cache). We demonstrate the performance advantage of DFS via extensive simulation while comparing against other existing AQM techniques.
7A6EFF3B	In recent years, DoS (Denial of Service) attacks and more powerful DDoS (Distributed DoS) attacks have posed security problems on the Internet. For countermeasure to these attacks, it is important to trace attackers and stop the attacks. However, since information about the attackers is spoofed, such attacks are difficult to trace. Therefore, a method of identifying attackers is required. Savage and colleagues proposed a method of tracing flooding attacks by using marked packets. This method, however, involves problems in gathering the attack packets through numerous hops. In this paper, we propose a method of resolving this problem by observing the features of the attack traffic and changing the marking probability in the routers. We implement algorithms of both our proposed method and the extended marking method to estimate their efficiency. The experimental results confirm the effectiveness of the proposed method
12A33609	Malicious bot programs, the source of distributed denial of service attack, are widespread and the number of PCs which were infected by malicious bot program are increasing geometrically thesedays. The continuous distributed denial of service attacks are happened constantly through these bot PCs and some financial incident cases have found lately. Therefore researches to response distributed denial of service attack are necessary so we propose an effective feature generation method for distributed denial of service attack detection using entropy. In this paper, we apply our method to both the DARPA 2000 datasets and also the distributed denial of service attack datasets that we composed and generated ourself in general university. And then we evaluate how the proposed method is useful through classification using bayesian network classifier.
7953D3EE	The recently proposed TCP-targeted Low-rate Distributed Denial-of-Service (LDDoS) attacks send fewer packets to attack legitimate flows by exploiting the vulnerability in TCP’s congestion control mechanism. They are difficult to detect while causing severe damage to TCP-based applications. Existing approaches can only detect the presence of an LDDoS attack, but fail to identify LDDoS flows. In this paper, we propose a novel metric – Congestion Participation Rate (CPR) – and a CPR-based approach to detect and filter LDDoS attacks by their intention to congest the network. The major innovation of the CPR-base approach is its ability to identify LDDoS flows. A flow with a CPR higher than a predefined threshold is classified as an LDDoS flow, and consequently all of its packets will be dropped. We analyze the effectiveness of CPR theoretically by quantifying the average CPR difference between normal TCP flows and LDDoS flows and showing that CPR can differentiate them. We conduct ns-2 simulations, test-bed experiments, and Internet traffic trace analysis to validate our analytical results and evaluate the performance of the proposed approach. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed CPR-based approach is substantially more effective compared to an existing Discrete Fourier Transform (DFT)-based approach – one of the most efficient approaches in detecting LDDoS attacks. We also provide experimental guidance to choose the CPR threshold in practice.