7685C69E	Traditional adaptive beamformers have robustness just for specific error condition. They suffer performance degradation in the presence of multiple errors such as sample covariance matrix estimation error and steering vector mismatch. In this article, a new robust adaptive beamforming algorithm based on jointly estimating the covariance matrix and steering vector mismatch is proposed to overcome both the problems of sample covariance errors and steering vector mismatch. The theoretical covariance matrix is estimated based on the shrinkage method. Subsequently, the difference between the actual and presumed steering vectors is estimated in the sense of that the output signal-to noise plus interference ratio (SINR) is maximized and then is used to obtain the actual steering vectors. The proposed algorithm is preferable to traditional ones in the condition of multiple errors. Both simulation results and performance analysis are presented that illustrated the effectiveness and superiority of the proposed method. 	
7D48EFBF	It is important for intelligent robots to detect the location of user even though the user is not captured by vision cameras. Sound source localization is a technique to detect the direction of sound source using multiple microphones. It enables the robot to respond to the user's call. Sometimes, a robot operates in echoic room, but the performance of sound source localization in echoic room is very poor. In this work, a verification method for reverberation is proposed and tested how much it improves the performance of sound source localization in reverberant environment.
793F7FB3	This paper introduces the reader to several recent developments in worst-case identification motivated by various issues of modelling of systems from data for the purpose of robust control design. Many aspects of identification in and ℓ1 are covered including algorithms, convergence and divergence results, worst-case estimation of uncertainty models, model validation and control relevancy issues.
78C2C88B	In this paper, we study the problem of accurately estimating the location of indoor wireless devices which, due to its vast application areas, has continued to generate much interest both in the academia and industry. Specifically, we consider the location estimation problem and develop non-hybrid Bayesian location estimators for when received signal strength (RSS) and/or time of arrival (TOA) measurements between the target node (TN) and designated beacon nodes (BNs) in the network are obtainable. However, RSS- and TOA-based location estimators can be inaccurate when the RF-characteristics are not stable and time synchronization between the TN and BNs is not set up properly, respectively. To mitigate the disadvantages of these two location estimators, we propose the hybrid Bayesian location estimators. We show, through the results of extensive simulation experiments conducted that in comparison with the non-hybrid estimators, the hybrid Bayesian location estimators are more robust in the localization environment where RSS/TOA measurement precision varies.
784358DD	The identification of the signal subspace is a very important first step for most hyperspectral algorithms. In this letter, we investigate the important problem of identifying the hyperspectral signal subspace by minimizing the mean squared error (MSE) between the true signal and an estimate of the signal. Since it is dependent on the true signal, the MSE is uncomputable in practice, and so we propose a method based on Stein's unbiased risk estimator that provides an unbiased estimate of the MSE. The resulting method is simple and fully automatic, and we evaluate it using both simulated and real hyperspectral data sets. Experimental results show that our proposed method compares well to recent state-of-the-art subspace identification methods.
76C7F9B8	A single-channel blind dereverberation algorithm is proposed in this letter for distant-talking speech recognition. The proposed method is based on spectral subtraction (SS) method, in which the spectrum of a late reverberant signal is estimated using a delayed and attenuated version of the reverberant signal. Through some assumptions, the conventional SS method regards the attenuation weight as a constant that is a function of reverberation time. However, these assumptions are not valid in real situations, and the ideal weight varies with the frame. Therefore, in the proposed method, the variable weight sequence is estimated using Viterbi decoding scheme based on the reverberation model. This weight sequence is then substituted for the fixed weight in the conventional SS method without explicitly estimating the reverberation time. The proposed method performs better than the conventional SS method in both isolated word recognition and connected digit recognition experiments in reverberant environments.
801597A0	The REMOS (REverberation MOdeling for Speech recognition) concept for reverberation-robust distant-talking speech recognition, introduced in “Distant-talking continuous speech recognition based on a novel reverberation model in the feature domain” (A. Sehr , in Proc. Interspeech, 2006, pp. 769-772) for melspectral features, is extended to logarithmic melspectral (logmelspec) features in this contribution. Thus, the favorable properties of REMOS, including its high flexibility with respect to changing reverberation conditions, become available in the more competitive logmelspec domain. Based on a combined acoustic model consisting of a hidden Markov model (HMM) network and a reverberation model (RM), REMOS determines clean-speech and reverberation estimates during recognition. Therefore, in each iteration of a modified Viterbi algorithm, an inner optimization operation maximizes the joint density of the current HMM output and the RM output subject to the constraint that their combination is equal to the current reverberant observation. Since the combination operation in the logmelspec domain is nonlinear, numerical methods appear necessary for solving the constrained inner optimization problem. A novel reformulation of the constraint, which allows for an efficient solution by nonlinear optimization algorithms, is derived in this paper so that a practicable implementation of REMOS for logmelspec features becomes possible. An in-depth analysis of this REMOS implementation investigates the statistical properties of its reverberation estimates and thus derives possibilities for further improving the performance of REMOS. Connected digit recognition experiments show that the proposed REMOS version in the logmelspec domain significantly outperforms the melspec version. While the proposed RMs with parameters estimated by straightforward training for a given room are robust to a mismatch of the speaker-microphone distance, their performance significantly decreases if they are used in a room with substantially different conditions. However, by training multi-style RMs with data from several rooms, good performance can be achieved across different rooms.
7D8AF82F	Automatic speech recognition (ASR) in reverberant environments is a challenging task. Most dereverberation techniques address this problem through signal processing and enhances the reverberant waveform independent from the speech recognizer. In this paper, we propose a novel scheme to perform dereverberation in relation with the likelihood of the back-end ASR system. Our proposed approach effectively selects the dereverberation parameters, in the form of multiband scale factors, so that they improve the likelihood of the acoustic model. Then, the acoustic model is retrained using the optimal parameters. During the recognition phase, we implement additional optimization of the parameters. By using Gaussian mixture model (GMM), the process for selecting the scale factors become efficient. Moreover, we remove the dependency of the adopted dereverberation technique on the room impulse response (RIR) measurement, by using an artificial RIR generator and selecting based on the acoustic likelihood. Experimental results show significant improvement in recognition performance with the proposed method over the conventional approach.
7F5E409B	Distant acquisition of acoustic signals in an enclosed space often produces reverberant components due to acoustic reflections in the room. Speech dereverberation is in general desirable when the signal is acquired through distant microphones in such applications as hands-free speech recognition, teleconferencing, and meeting recording. This paper proposes a new speech dereverberation approach based on a statistical speech model. A time-varying Gaussian source model (TVGSM) is introduced as a model that represents the dynamic short time characteristics of nonreverberant speech segments, including the time and frequency structures of the speech spectrum. With this model, dereverberation of the speech signal is formulated as a maximum-likelihood (ML) problem based on multichannel linear prediction, in which the speech signal is recovered by transforming the observed signal into one that is probabilistically more like nonreverberant speech. We first present a general ML solution based on TVGSM, and derive several dereverberation algorithms based on various source models. Specifically, we present a source model consisting of a finite number of states, each of which is manifested by a short time speech spectrum, defined by a corresponding autocorrelation (AC) vector. The dereverberation algorithm based on this model involves a finite collection of spectral patterns that form a codebook. We confirm experimentally that both the time and frequency characteristics represented in the source models are very important for speech dereverberation, and that the prior knowledge represented by the codebook allows us to further improve the dereverberated speech quality. We also confirm that the quality of reverberant speech signals can be greatly improved in terms of the spectral shape and energy time-pattern distortions from simply a short speech signal using a speaker-independent codebook.
80E14FD9	We have developed a time-varying, parallel- cascade system identification algorithm to separate joint stiffness into intrinsic and reflex components at each point in time throughout rapid movements. The components are identified using an iterative algorithm in which intrinsic and reflex dynamics are identified using separate time-varying (TV) techniques based on ensemble methods. An ensemble of input-output records having the same TV behavior is acquired and used to identify the system dynamics as impulse response functions at time increments corresponding to the sampling interval. Simulation studies showed that the time-varying, parallel-cascade algorithm performed well under realistic conditions with 99.9% VAF between simulated and predicted torque. To evaluate the performance of the algorithm under realistic conditions we applied it to an ensemble of experimental data acquired under stationary conditions. Results demonstrated that the TV estimates converged to those of the established time-invariant algorithm and allowed us to determine how variance of the TV estimates varied with the number of realizations in the ensemble.
80B8BE55	Myoelectric signals (MESs) from the speaker's mouth region have been successfully shown to improve the noise robustness of automatic speech recognizers (ASRs), thus promising to extend their usability in implementing noise-robust ASR. In the recognition system presented herein, extracted audio and facial MES features were integrated by a decision fusion method, where the likelihood score of the audio-MES observation vector was given by a linear combination of class-conditional observation log-likelihoods of two classifiers, using appropriate weights. We developed a weighting process adaptive to SNRs. The main objective of the paper involves determining the optimal SNR classification boundaries and constructing a set of optimum stream weights for each SNR class. These two parameters were determined by a method based on a maximum mutual information criterion. Acoustic and facial MES data were collected from five subjects, using a 60-word vocabulary. Four types of acoustic noise including babble, car, aircraft, and white noise were acoustically added to clean speech signals with SNR ranging from -14 to 31 dB. The classification accuracy of the audio ASR was as low as 25.5%. Whereas, the classification accuracy of the MES ASR was 85.2%. The classification accuracy could be further improved by employing the proposed audio-MES weighting method, which was as high as 89.4% in the case of babble noise. A similar result was also found for the other types of noise.
8038EDA0	Ultra-wideband (UWB) communication is envisaged to be deployed in indoor environments, where the noise distribution is decidedly non-Gaussian. A critical challenge for impulse radio UWB is the synchronization of nanosecond-long pulses. In this paper, we propose two acquisition schemes which are robust to uncertainties in the noise distribution and which operate directly on samples taken at symbol-rate. The only channel state information that the algorithms need can be obtained by estimation of an aggregate channel gain, avoiding channel-related complications. Following Huber's M-estimates for the Gaussian mixture noise model, the proposed robust acquisition systems outperform their traditional counterparts designed according to the Gaussian noise assumption. Necessary modifications for operation under multiple access interference are also introduced. Theoretical and simulation-based performance evaluations that reflect the asymptotic variance, normalized mean-square error and the bit error rates demonstrate the gains offered by the robust procedures.
779626F1	In this paper, we present a method in suppressing speech degradation affecting human-robot communication in real reverberant environment condition. The novelty of the proposed method is the mechanism to indirectly incorporate language information in the enhancement process. This is achieved by considering the effects of the acoustic energy transfer of two consecutive words. The proposed method is categorized into two namely, a one-time computation of the smearing coefficients (offline mode) and the actual enhancement (online mode). In the offline mode, word pair smearing coefficients reflective of the inter-word energy transfer within a word pair are calculated and stored, creating a pool of smearing priors database. Then, the online robust enhancement process integrates this information to the conventional framewise enhancement method. In theory, the proposed method outperforms the conventional framewise-only enhancement since it is able to dynamically update the enhancement parameters based on the actual acoustic energy transfer between successive words during testing. Experiments using a humanoid robot inside a reverberant room confirms the effectiveness of the proposed method. Our method renders human-robot speech communication robust to the effect of reverberation as opposed to the conventional method.
779236C5	Novel theoretical probability density functions (PDF) of electromagnetic fields inside reverberation chambers operating in a “good-but-imperfect” regime have been recently reported. The present work reports on the application and assessment of these PDFs using a non-conventional type of reverberation chamber, namely the Vibrating Intrinsic Reverberation Chamber (VIRC). A vector network analyzer was used in order to measure the complex field components. An electrically short dipole antenna was used as a receiving antenna. Five thousand frequency points were taken ranging from 200MHz (undermoded regime) to 4 GHz (overmoded regime), so one measurement every 760 kHz was performed. For each frequency, 200 samples of the real and imaginary part of the field were measured. Measurements confirm the fact that the novel PDFs are able to describe the occurrence of anomalous statistics in the VIRC.
7F433A10	In this work we present a comparative analysis of the performance of two recently proposed algorithms for signal subspace identification (SSI) and dimensionality reduction (DR) in hyperspectral data. Such SSI algorithms are robust to the presence of rare signal components and are particularly suitable when DR is adopted as a pre-processing step in small target detection applications.
783093ED	Room reverberation poses various deleterious effects on performance of automatic speech systems. Speaker identification (SID) performance, in particular, degrades rapidly as reverberation time increases. Reverberation causes two forms of spectro-temporal distortions on speech signals: i) self-masking which is due to early reflections and ii) overlap-masking which is due to late reverberation. Overlap-masking effect of reverberation has been shown to have a greater adverse impact on performance of speech systems. Motivated by this fact, this study proposes a blind spectral weighting (BSW) technique for suppressing the reverberation overlap-masking effect on SID systems. The technique is blind in the sense that prior knowledge of neither the anechoic signal nor the room impulse response is required. Performance of the proposed technique is evaluated on speaker verification tasks under simulated and actual reverberant mismatched conditions. Evaluations are conducted in the context of the conventional GMM-UBM as well as the state-of-the-art i-vector based systems. The GMM-UBM experiments are performed using speech material from a new data corpus well suited for speaker verification experiments under actual reverberant mismatched conditions, entitled MultiRoom8. The i-vector experiments are carried out with microphone (interview and phonecall) data from the NIST SRE 2010 extended evaluation set which are digitally convolved with three different measured room impulse responses extracted from the Aachen impulse response (AIR) database. Experimental results prove that incorporating the proposed blind technique into the standard MFCC feature extraction framework yields significant improvement in SID performance under reverberation mismatch.
7F725D0F	With the advent and abundance of wireless devices and the confined spaces in which they are installed, the exposure dominance of the direct path and the scattered path needs to be studied. Wireless connectivity and reliability of wireless routers installed in industrial environments, deployment of RFID tags on concrete structures for structural monitoring, safe operation of various sensors coexisting in ad-hoc networks are examples of wireless systems that are encountered every day. The metallic nature of the installation environment reflects EM energy which can constructively or destructively aid the performance of wireless systems. When there is a line of sight between the transmitter and the receiver, the direct path seems to dominate and the received power varies as square of the distance. When the environment is reflective, the multipath contribution is dominant over the direct path even for small distances of separation. In this paper, a method to measure the distance at which the direct and the scattered path are equal is proposed and measurements in both frequency domain and time domain are presented.
67A8F1E7	In this paper, we propose a distant-talking speaker recognition method using a reverberation model with various artificial room impulse responses. These artificial room impulse responses with different speaker and microphone positions, room sizes, and reflection coefficients of walls and convoluted with clean speech are used to train an artificial reverberation speaker model. This artificial reverberation model is also combined with a reverberation speaker model trained with room impulse responses measured in real environments. Speaker identification performance using a combination of the two reverberation speaker models achieved a relative error reduction rate of 50.0% and 78.4% compared with that using a reverberation model trained with real-world room impulse responses and a clean speech model, respectively.
0189BE75	This report describes the research performed on behalf of the Office of Naval Research (grant # N00014-01-D-0043 Delivery Order 0007) on the following: The feasibility of enhancing active target detection using environmentally adaptive reverberation nulling techniques has been demonstrated with experimental data and related simulations.
8417C059	In this paper, we propose to address the moving average (MA) parameters estimation issue based only on noisy observations and without any knowledge on the variance of the additive stationary white Gaussian measurement noise. For this purpose, the MA process is approximated by a high-order AR process and its parameters are estimated by using an errors-in-variables (EIV) approach, which also makes it possible to derive the variances of both the driving process and the additive white noise. The method is based on the Frisch scheme. One of the main difficulties in this case is to evaluate the minimal AR-process order that must be considered to have a "good" approximation of the MA process. To this end, we propose a way based on K-means method. Simulation results of the proposed method are presented and compared to existing MA-parameter estimation approaches.
7D9E8BB7	This paper deals with the identification and estimation of dynamic games when players' beliefs about other players' actions are biased, i.e., beliefs do not represent the probability distribution of the actual behavior of other players conditional on the information available. First, we show that a exclusion restriction, typically used to identify empirical games, provides testable nonparametric restrictions of the null hypothesis of equilibrium beliefs. Second, we prove that this exclusion restriction, together with consistent estimates of beliefs at several points in the support of the special state variable (i.e., the variable involved in the exclusion restriction), is sufficient for nonparametric point-identification of players' payoffs and belief functions. The consistent estimates of beliefs at some points of support may come either from an assumption of unbiased beliefs at these points in the state space, or from available data on elicited beliefs for some values of the state variables. Third, we propose a simple two-step estimation method. We illustrate our model and methods using both Monte Carlo experiments and an empirical application of a dynamic game of store location by retail chains. The key conditions for the identification of beliefs and payoffs in our application are the following: (a) the previous year's network of stores of the competitor does not have a direct effect on the profit of a firm, but the firm's own network of stores at previous year does affect its profit because the existence of sunk entry costs and economies of density in these costs; and (b) firms' beliefs are unbiased in those markets that are close, in a geographic sense, to the opponent's network of stores, though beliefs are unrestricted, and potentially biased, for unexplored markets which are farther away from the competitors' network. Our estimates show significant evidence of biased beliefs. Furthermore, imposing the restriction of unbiased beliefs generates a substantial attenuation bias in the estimate of competition effects. 
780B9201	The space-frequency-polarization (SFP) beam-former using an electromagnetic vector sensor was studied in this paper. An improved robust beamformer algorithm was put forward which was based on Capon and joint constraint. As the three domains joint information was used, the SFP beamformer substantially outperforms any two-domain joint beamformer. Finally, Simulation results verified the effectiveness of the SFP beamformer and the SFP robust beamformer.
7375F18E	Multi-objective samples are powerful and versatile summaries of large data sets. For a set of keys and associated values , a weighted sample taken with respect to f allows us to approximate segment-sum statistics, for any subset H of the keys, with statistically-guaranteed quality that depends on sample size and the relative weight of H. When estimating Sum(g;H) for , however, quality guarantees are lost. A multi-objective sample with respect to a set of functions F provides for each  the same statistical guarantees as a dedicated weighted sample while minimizing the summary size.We analyze properties of multi-objective samples and present sampling schemes and meta-algortithms for estimation and optimization while showcasing two important application domains. The first are key-value data sets, where different functions f∈F applied to the values correspond to different statistics such as moments, thresholds, capping, and sum. A multi-objective sample allows us to approximate all statistics in F. The second is metric spaces, where keys are points, and each is defined by a set of points C with fx being the service cost of x by C, and Sum(f;X) models centrality or clustering cost of C. A multi-objective sample allows us to estimate costs for each. In these domains, multi-objective samples are often of small size, are efficiently to construct, and enable scalable estimation and optimization. We aim here to facilitate further applications of this powerful technique. 
5B25222B	Pedro Almodóvar's oeuvre encompasses a collection of themes and references to his own back catalogue, all the while referencing many other well-known directors. Broken Embraces (2009) refers to and re-enacts scenes from Women on the Verge of a Nervous Breakdown (1988). Yet the references to the latter in Broken Embraces fail to enchant, instead creating a fragmentation of the past and ultimately shifting from a breakdown to being simply broken. The relationship between these films demonstrates the foibles inherent in reconstructing films within films, which relates to Baudrillard's recognition that cinema is constantly plagiarizing, recopying and remaking itself.
5B91FE8D	The sidelobe canceller (SLC) is widely used for the array processing to suppress interferences located in the sidelobe of the radiation pattern. In the presence of steering vector mismatch, the performance of SLC may suffer from severe degradation due to desired components cancellation. In this paper, a modified approach is developed to improve the robustness against the direction of arrival (DOA) mismatch. The principle is to exclude the desired signal from auxiliary channels based on effective estimation of the steering vector. By expressing it as a linear combination of the basic vectors of a properly chosen orthogonal matrix, the steering vector is forced not to converge to any of interferences. Numerical simulations demonstrate the superiority of the modified method over the traditional SLC techniques.
16E86574	A practical model to compute shallow‐water boundary reverberation is described. Normal modes are used to calculate the acoustic energy propagating from the source to the scattering area, and from the scattering area to the receiver. At the scattering patch each mode is decomposed into up‐ and down‐going waves, then ray‐mode analogies and empirical scattering functions can be used to compute the scattered energy. The method was first described by Bucker and Morris [J. Acoust. Soc. Am. 44, 827–828 (1968)], and papers which first appeared in the Chinese literature. Their work is extended here by using group velocities to obtain the travel times for each mode pair, and by further developing the ray‐mode analogy. The effects of summing the modes coherently or incoherently and of including the time spreading due to the modal group velocities are examined. This paper deals with the range‐independent monostatic case, although the technique is extendible to bistatic geometries and range‐dependent environments. Calculations show excellent agreement with some ray‐based models, and, using the Lambert bottom‐scattering coefficient as the only adjustable parameter, good agreement is obtained with some measured shallow‐water reverberation.
5ED02184	Shallow water reverberation in the high sub-kHz to low-kHz range is modeled using ray theoretic algorithms. The algorithms assume multiple-forward/single-backscatter along with reciprocity in the propagation paths. The environments modeled are assumed to be range dependent in bathymetry, bottom loss, and bottom scattering strengths, and range independent water column, wind velocity, and surface scattering strengths. The model is capable of simulating bistatic, and monostatic geometries. The output of the model is reverberation as function of time for specified beams (either idealized look directions, or realizations of the beam pattern of an array). Comparisons of predicted reverberation versus time with measured data for shallow water sites off the south coast of the United States are presented.
76E8ECB3	To deal with the frequent failure of GPS in urban areas, vision-based localization methods such as visual odometry (VO) have been popular in recent years. However, VO still suffers from the problem of drift. In this paper, a novel Turning Point Filtering (TPF) algorithm is proposed to restrain the VO's drift by inducing the constraint from a concise road map. Different from the traditional road map based methods, we believe the simple “edge-node” road map is not enough to well model the true trajectory of the vehicle. Therefore our method does not enforce the corrected trajectory exactly on the edges of the map. A flexible turning point filtering mechanism is designed under a particle filter framework to well balance the information from the VO and the road map. The method features making reliable corrections only on the turning points of the trajectory, which adds little additional computation burden to VO. Experiments on various datasets including KITTI and the data acquired in our campus demonstrate the outperformance of our method.
792B8379	A robust 2-D vehicle-positioning system based on constraint propagation on a data horizon is proposed. Using asynchronous unreliable absolute positions and reliable proprioceptive measurements, the proposed method outputs the bounds of the pose at any desired rate. A bounded error approach is used to propagate the imprecision of the input data to the final pose estimation. Measurements are represented by intervals taking errors into account. Integrity is assumed on proprioceptive measurements error bounds. In opposition, the bounds set on exteroceptive positions are not required to be guaranteed. Indeed, a relaxed intersection of constraints is applied to achieve robustness, given a maximum ratio of erroneous positions. This approach is implemented for an automotive vehicle equipped with a GPS receiver and a CAN gateway. An real experimental validation is carried out with a dataset including wrong GPS measurements and the crossing of a tunnel.
7C037874	Learning-based super-resolution algorithms synthesize a high-resolution image based on learning patch pairs of low- and high-resolution images. However, since a low-resolution patch is usually mapped to multiple high-resolution patches, unwanted artifacts or blurring can appear in super-resolved images. In this paper, we propose a novel approach to generate a high quality, high-resolution image without introducing noticeable artifacts. Introducing robust statistics to a learning-based super-resolution, we efficiently reject outliers which cause artifacts. Global and local constraints are also applied to produce a more reliable high-resolution image. Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed algorithm can synthesize higher quality, higher-resolution images compared to the existing algorithms.
7D790564	This paper addresses blind dereverberation techniques based on the inherent characteristics of speech signals. Two challenging issues for speech dereverberation involve decomposing reverberant observed signals into colored sources and room transfer functions (RTFs), and making the inverse filtering robust as regards acoustic and system noise. We show that short-time speech characteristics are very important for this task, and that multi-channel linear prediction (MCLP) is a useful tool for achieving robust inverse filtering. As examples, we detail three recently proposed robust dereverberation methods. By assuming the source to be a small order autoregressive process, we can present an efficient source estimation method that reduces late reverberation reflections of the reverberation using multi-step linear prediction. By exploiting the time-varying nature of the speech signals, we can also develop a method that can estimate both the source and the inverse filters of the RTFs. Furthermore, we can achieve high quality speech dereverberation by formulating the problem as a likelihood maximization problem using a statistical speech model that represents the spectral characteristics of short-time speech segments including harmonicity.
78BBB3FB	In this paper, we propose a new method based on a coherent source spectral estimation for solving the permutation problem of frequency-domain blind source separation (BSS). It combines the robustness of the State Coherence Transform (SCT) to recursively estimate a smooth phase spectrum associated with each source and the precision of the inter-frequency correlation to solve for a correct permutation. Namely, the TDOAs estimated by the SCT are used to constrain the permutation correction process in order to force the resulting filters to be coherent across frequency. This intrinsic interconnection between the TDOA information and the spectral correlation makes the new approach robust even when the signal is short in duration and spatial aliasing is substantial. Experimental results show that the proposed method is able to drastically reduce the number of permutation errors for three sources recorded in a short time block using microphones with large spacing.
7E21FF68	This paper introduces speech dereverberation based on a time-varying Gaussian source model (GSM) and investigates its behavior to provide a better perspective on solving the dereverberation problem. GSM is a generalization of the autocorrelation codebook (ACC) that has recently been shown to enable us to achieve high quality speech dereverberation with only a few seconds' observation. Based on GSM, the speech dereverberation is formulated as a likelihood maximization problem with multi-channel linear prediction, where the reverberant speech signal is transformed into one that is probabilistically more like clean speech. For investigation purposes, the autocorrelation matrix of the GSM is first decomposed into energy, vocal tract filter, and excitation signal features by adopting an autoregressive GSM (ARGSM), and then analyzed based on experiments. They reveal that the energy feature in the models plays a major role in reducing the reverberation components. It is also shown that the other spectral features in the models further contribute to the recovery of the short-time characteristics of the dereverberated signals.
78F75DBA	This paper presents a multisource sound localization method based on the generalized cross-correlation (GCC) method weighted by the phase transform (PHAT) and a novel multisource speech tracking method consisting of voice activity detection (VAD) and K-means clustering algorithm for binaural robot audition. The standard K-means clustering algorithm was improved for the purpose of multisource speech tracking by adding two additional steps. Experiments conducted on the SIG-2 humanoid robot in a real environment show that our method can track multiple speakers in real-time with tracking error below 4.35°.