78DB1C7A	Block matching (BM) motion estimation plays a very important role in video coding. In a BM approach, image frames in a video sequence are divided into blocks. For each block in the current frame, the best matching block is identified inside a region of the previous frame, aiming to minimize the sum of absolute differences (SAD). Unfortunately, the SAD evaluation is computationally expensive and represents the most consuming operation in the BM process. Therefore, BM motion estimation can be approached as an optimization problem, where the goal is to find the best matching block within a search space. The simplest available BM method is the full search algorithm (FSA) which finds the most accurate motion vector through an exhaustive computation of SAD values for all elements of the search window. Recently, several fast BM algorithms have been proposed to reduce the number of SAD operations by calculating only a fixed subset of search locations at the price of poor accuracy. In this paper, a new algorithm based on Artificial Bee Colony (ABC) optimization is proposed to reduce the number of search locations in the BM process. In our algorithm, the computation of search locations is drastically reduced by considering a fitness calculation strategy which indicates when it is feasible to calculate or only estimate new search locations. Since the proposed algorithm does not consider any fixed search pattern or any other movement assumption as most of other BM approaches do, a high probability for finding the true minimum (accurate motion vector) is expected. Conducted simulations show that the proposed method achieves the best balance over other fast BM algorithms, in terms of both estimation accuracy and computational cost.
7FE10E4E	For human motion analysis and recognition, the current trend has extended from the tracking and recognition of hand gesture to pose estimation, body motion analysis and body language recognition and from the appearance based to 3D human model based. Since the major part of the human body language is performed by the upper limbs, and also for the sake of reducing the complexity, this paper only models the upper limbs on human and uses articulated model to reconstruct the 3D pose. It has been proved that it is feasible and reliable to detect the hands and eyes by means of stereo vision. Further, their 3D coordinates can be estimated and serve as approximate constraints. Based on camera perspective model in the font view image, integrating the approximate constrains and the skeleton length scales, this paper shows the precise 3D coordinates of each joint can be obtained iteratively from coarse to fine by hierarchical quasi-Voronoi.
75BCD53A	Motion estimation (ME) consists of three main steps, including spatial-temporal prediction, integer-pel ME and fractional-pel ME. However, we find that video sequences (especially high resolution sequences) can be encoded efficiently even without integer-pel ME.
787CD4CB	The sensitivity to error of a video bitstream often changes as the amount of motion within a scene changes. Taking this into account, a scheme that attempts to optimise error robustness by varying the amount of adaptive intra refresh blocks is presented. Simulation results demonstrate the benefits of the proposed technique.
5A2B3A00	Although the recent advances in the sparse representations of images have achieved outstanding denosing results, removing real, structured noise in digital videos remains a challenging problem. We show the utility of reliable motion estimation to establish temporal correspondence across frames in order to achieve high-quality video denoising. In this paper, we propose an adaptive video denosing framework that integrates robust optical flow into a nonlocal means (NLM) framework with noise level estimation. The spatial regularization in optical flow is the key to ensure temporal coherence in removing structured noise. Furthermore, we introduce approximate K-nearest neighbor matching to significantly reduce the complexity of classical NLM methods. Experimental results show that our system is comparable with the state of the art in removing AWGN, and significantly outperforms the state of the art in removing real, structured noise.
785F285C	This paper focuses on motion estimation engine design in future high-efficiency video coding (HEVC) encoders. First, a methodology is explained to analyze hardware implementation cost in terms of hardware area, memory size and memory bandwidth for various possible motion estimation engine designs. For 11 different configurations, hardware cost as well as the coding efficiency are quantified and are compared through a graphical analysis to make design decisions. It has been shown that using smaller block sizes (e.g. 4 × 4) imposes significantly larger hardware requirements at the expense of modest improvements in coding efficiency. Secondly, based on the analysis on various configurations, one configuration is chosen and algorithm improvements are presented to further reduce hardware implementation cost of the selected configuration. Overall, the proposed changes provide 56 × on-chip bandwidth, 151 × off-chip bandwidth, 4.3 × core area and 4.5 × on-chip memory area savings when compared to the hardware implementation of the HM-3.0 design.
7D94F61E	In this paper, we present efficient hardware implementation of multiplication free one-bit transform (MF1BT) based and constraint one-bit transform (C-1BT) based motion estimation (ME) algorithms, in order to provide low bit-depth representation based full search block ME hardware for real-time video encoding. We used a source pixel based linear array (SPBLA) hardware architecture for low bit depth ME for the first time in the literature. The proposed SPBLA based implementation results in a genuine data flow scheme which significantly reduces the number of data reads from the current block memory, which in turn reduces the power consumption by at least 50% compared to conventional 1BT based ME hardware architecture presented in the literature. Because of the binary nature of low bit-depth ME algorithms, their hardware architectures are more efficient than existing 8 bits/pixel representation based ME architectures.
7C6AFD8C	A multiplication-free one-bit transform (1BT) for low-complexity block-based motion estimation is presented in this letter. A novel filter kernel is utilized to construct the 1BT of image frames using addition and shift operations only. It is shown that the proposed approach provides the same motion estimation accuracy at macro-block level and even better accuracy for smaller block sizes compared to previously proposed 1BT methods. Because the proposed 1BT approach does not require multiplication operations, it can be implemented in integer arithmetic using addition and shifts only, reducing the computational complexity, processing time, as well as power consumption
7D994902	A full-search based block-matching algorithm for motion estimation has a major problem of significant computational load. To solve this problem, extensive research in fast-motion estimation algorithms have been carried out. However, most of them have some degradation in the predicted image from the reduced computation. To decrease the amount of significant computation of the full-search algorithm, we propose a fast block-matching algorithm based on an adaptive matching scan and representative pixels without any degradation of the predicted image. By using Taylor series expansion, we obtain the representative pixels and show that the block-matching errors from the reference block and candidate blocks are proportional to the block complexity. With the derived result, we propose a fast full-search algorithm with adaptive scan direction in block matching. Experimentally, our proposed algorithm is very efficient in terms of computational speedup, and is the fastest among all the conventional full-search algorithms. Therefore, our algorithm is useful in VLSI implementation of video encoders for real-time encoding.
7E2C2125	We present a fast motion estimation algorithm using only binary representation, which is desirable for both embedded system and hardware implementation with parallel architectures. The key algorithm distinction is that only the high-frequency spectrum is used. Our experimental results show that it provides excellent performance at both low and high bit rates. Because of its binary-only representation, the proposed algorithm offers low computational complexity and low memory bandwidth consumption. For multimedia-embedded system design, we further investigated specific implementation techniques for several well-known hardware platforms including Intel x86 processors, single-instruction multiple-data processors, and systolic array circuit design. The systolic array architecture requires only single memory access for both the reference and current frames from the on-chip memory. Such an implementation provides an optimized solution with great throughput, while the quality is maintained. Finally, we show that our binarization methods are closely coupled to the accuracy of binary motion estimation algorithms. The binarization and coding efficiencies can be improved using various filters and binarization methods.
81290EA3	In this paper, we propose an efficient and practical algorithm to dynamically adapt the Lagrange multipliers for each macroblock based on the context of the neighboring or upper layer blocks to improve rate-distortion performance. Our method improves the accuracy for the detection of true motion vectors as well as the most efficient encoding modes for luma, which are used for deriving the motion vectors, and modes for chroma. Simulation results for H.264/advanced video coding video demonstrate that our method reduces bit rate significantly and achieves peak signal-to-noise ratio gain over those of the joint model (JM) software for all sequences tested, with negligible extra computational cost. The improvement is particularly significant for high motion high-resolution videos. This paper describes our work that led to our Joint Video Team adopted contribution (included in software JM 12.0 onward), collectively known as context adaptive Lagrange multiplier (CALM).
7D2C98AF	Motion estimation using the one-bit transform (1BT) was proposed by Natarajan, Bhaskaran and Konstantinides (see ibid., vol.7, p.702-06, 1997) to achieve large computation reduction. However, it degrades the predicted image by almost 1 dB as compared with full search. We propose a modification to the 1BT by adding conditional local searches. Simulation results show that the proposed modification improves the peak signal-to-noise ratio (PSNR) significantly at the expense of slightly increased computational complexity. A variant of the proposed modification called the multiple-candidate two-step search (M2SSFS) is found to be particularly good for high quality, high bit rate video coding. In the MPEG-1 simulation, its PSNR is within 0.1 dB from that of full search at bit rates higher than 1 Mbit/s with a computation reduction factor of ten.
7D376C35	Two algorithms for block motion estimation that produce performance similar to that of exhaustive search but with computation reduced by a factor of 8 or 16 are presented. The algorithms are based on motion-field and pixel subsampling. A subsampled motion field is first determined by estimating the motion vectors for a fraction of the blocks. The motion vectors for these blocks are determined by using only a fraction of the pixels at any searched location and by alternating the pixel subsampling patterns with the searched locations. The subsampled motion field is then interpolated so that a motion vector is determined for each block of pixels. The algorithms are more robust than previously proposed fast algorithms and both can easily be combined with a hierarchical search strategy. One of the algorithms is fully compatible with MPEG-I.
8124B098	A fast block-matching algorithm for motion estimation is presented. It is based on a logarithmic step where, in each search step, only four locations are tested. For a motion displacement of w pels/frame, this technique requires 5+4 log/sub 2/w computations to locate the best match. Using sequences of CIF standard pictures, the interframe motion compensated prediction error with this technique is compared to the other fast methods. The computational complexity of this algorithm is also compared against those methods.
7F19B44E	In the search for lower bit rate image compression and representation, a new video motion estimation technique (VMET), that considers video object translation, as well as rotation, and planar multilayering, is described. This new concept uses a modified multipopulation coevolutionary genetic algorithm (MMCGA), that receives the video objects of segmented reference images, and outputs the corresponding motion and layer information, using object and layer genotypes. Genetic operation strategies of reproduction, crossover, mutation, and dominance are applied recurrently in order to create successive generations of genomes with much better fitness, until convergence, or the maximum allowed number of generations is reached. For the increase of prediction accuracy and convergence speed, a lifetime fitness strategy is used. Simulations with synthetic images have shown very encouraging results with the proposed video motion estimation technique, which competes favorably with respect to the conventional algorithms in accuracy, effectiveness, robustness, simplicity and speed.
7EDF3670	Motion estimation (ME) is the most computationally intensive part of a video coding system. Therefore it is very important to reduce its computational complexity. In this paper, a novel all-binary approach for reducing the computational complexity of sub-pixel accurate ME is proposed. An efficient hardware architecture for the proposed all-binary sub-pixel accurate motion estimation approach is also presented. The proposed hardware architecture has significantly low hardware complexity and therefore very low power consumption. It can process 720p video frames at 30 fps in a pipelined fashion together with the integer ME hardware. Therefore, it can be used in real-time low power video coding systems required by many mobile consumer electronics devices.
80383EF2	Variable Block Size Motion Estimation (VBSME) is one of the most important features of state-of-theart video encoders. In the H.264/AVC encoder, the computational complexity of integer motion estimation is about 75%. Therefore, reducing this complexity is one of the key points to provide low power video encoding. In this paper, a reconfigurable bit plane matching based VBSME method and a runtime reconfigurable hardware architecture are proposed to allow low-power consumer electronic devices to make a trade-off between power requirements and motion estimation (ME) accuracy. The proposed ME method is the only low complexity ME algorithm proposed in the literature so far that can provide compatible ME accuracy for lower block sizes compared to the sum of absolute difference (SAD) criterion. A new data path for the computation of the matching criterion in the proposed hardware architecture which has a fully arithmetic structure is proposed to improve the previously utilized LUT based architectures by having a fully arithmetic structure.
806C82D4	For real-time video encoder, low-complexity video encoding algorithms are required in many applications. This paper provides an early termination scheme to make the conventional binary block motion estimation algorithm significantly faster. The difference between the intensity of original frame and its filtered version is used as an input to something in this paper. With video codec, the proposed scheme shows improved visual quality while reducing complexity. Experimental results are provided to compare the performance of the proposed scheme with the conventional algorithms.
79993A43	Many modified three-step search (TSS) algorithms have been studied for the speed up of computation and improved error performance over the original TSS algorithm. In this work, an efficient and fast TSS algorithm is proposed, which is based on the unimodal error search assumption (UESA), error surface properties, the matching error threshold and the partial sum of the matching error. For the search strategy, we propose a new and efficient search method, which shows a good performance in terms of the computational reduction and the prediction error compared with other search algorithms. Also, we add half-stop algorithms to the above algorithm with little degradation of the predicted image quality while obtaining more computational reduction. One of them is based on the assumption that if a small amount of motion compensation error is produced, we can consider the matching block as a matched block and the motion vector as a global one. The other removes the computational redundancy by stopping the useless calculation of the matching error in a matching block. With the added algorithms, we can reduce significantly the computation for the motion vector with a small degradation of the predicted image quality with a proper threshold. Experimentally, it is shown that the proposed algorithm is very efficient in terms of the speed up of the computation and error performance compared with other conventional modified TSS algorithms.
778575D0	In this paper, a new fast encoding algorithm based on an efficient motion estimation (ME) process is proposed to accelerate the encoding speed of the scalable video coding standard. Through analysis of the ME process performed in the enhancement layer, we discovered that there are redundant MEs and some MEs can simply be unified at the fully overlapped search range (FOSR). In order to make the unified ME more efficient, we theoretically derive a skip criterion to determine whether the computation of rate-distortion cost can be omitted. In the proposed algorithm, the unnecessary MEs are removed and a unified ME with the skip criterion is applied in the FOSR. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm achieves computational savings of approximately 46% without coding performance degradation when compared with the original SVC encoder.
7A08C2AC	Motion estimation is a critical yet computationally intensive task for video encoding. In this paper, we present an enhancement over a normalized partial distortion search (NPDS) algorithm to further reduce block matching motion estimation complexity while retaining video fidelity. The novelty of our algorithm is that, in addition to the halfway-stop technique in NPDS, a dual-halfway-stop (DHS) method, which is based on a dynamic threshold, is proposed, so that block matching is not performed against all matching candidates. An adaptive search range (ASR) mechanism based on inter block distortion further constrains the searching process. Simulation results show that the proposed algorithm has a remarkable computational speedup when compared to that of full search and NPDS algorithms. Particularly, it requires less computation by 92-99% and encounters an average of only 0.08 dB PSNR video degradation when compared to that of full search. The speedup is also very significant when compared to that of fast motion estimation algorithms. This paper describes our work that led to our joint video team (JVT) adopted contribution (included in software JM 10.1 onwards) as well as later enhancements, collectively known as simplified and unified multi-hexagon search (SUMH), a simplified fast motion estimation.
7DD42915	To reduce the amount of computations for a full search (FS) algorithm for fast motion estimation, we propose a new and fast FS motion estimation algorithm. The computational reduction of our FS motion estimation algorithm comes from fast elimination of impossible motion vectors. We obtain faster elimination of inappropriate motion vectors using efficient matching units from localization of a complex area in image data. In this paper, we show three properties in block matching of motion estimation. We suggest two fast matching scan algorithms: one from adaptive matching scan and the other from fixed dithering order. Experimentally, we remove the unnecessary computations by about 30% with our proposed algorithm compared with the conventional fast FS algorithms.
7A14B919	The large amount of bandwidth that is required for the transmission or storage of digital videos is the main incentive for researchers to develop algorithms that aim at compressing video data (digital images) whilst keeping their quality as high as possible. Motion estimation algorithms are used for video compression as they reduce the memory requirements of any video file while maintaining its high quality. Block matching has been extensively utilized in compression algorithms for motion estimation. One of the main components of block matching techniques is search methods for block movements between consecutive video frames whose aim is to reduce the number of comparisons. One of the most effective searching methods that yield accurate results but is computationally very expensive is the Full Search algorithm. Researchers try to develop fast search motion estimation algorithms to reduce the computational cost required by full-search algorithms. In this research, the authors present a new fast search algorithm based on the hierarchical search approach, where the number of searched locations is reduced compared to the Full Search. The original image is sub-sampled into additional two levels. The Full Search is performed on the highest level where the complexity is relatively low. The Enhanced Three-Step Search Algorithm and a new proposed searching algorithm are used in the consecutive two levels. The results show that by using the standard accuracy measurements and the standard set of video sequences, the performance of the proposed hierarchal search algorithm is close to the Full Search with 83.4% reduction in complexity and with a matching quality over 98%.
81723710	Motion estimation is the most time consuming part in H.264/AVC. In this paper, according to computing redundancy of UMHexagonS algorithm, the method of motion vector distribution prediction is proposed and combines with designed patterns to achieve adaptive sub-regional searching. Simulation results show that the proposed motion estimation scheme achieves reducing 21.48% motion estimation encoding time with a good rate-distortion performance compared to UMHexagonS algorithm in JM18.4. The proposed algorithm improves the performance of real-time encoding.
7F3728BE	In this paper, an approach of kinetic parameter estimation and real-time pose tracking for 3D moving objects is investigated. The main work includes two folds: Firstly, an extended kalman filter (EKF) is designed to estimate the kinetic parameter with a hybrid eye to hand/eye in hand multi-camera vision system. Secondly, a scheme of dynamic feature selection is proposed. One of the main innovations in this paper is that the maximum inscribed circle of the feature set involved in estimation is proposed to be the criterion of feature selection. Simulation results demonstrate that the accuracy of estimation can be obviously improved by using this strategy.
7F6330A0	H.264 adopts Variable Block Size Motion Estimation and Mode Decision with Rate-Distortion Optimization to improve video quality and decrease bit rate. However,these techniques increase the computation complexity and the encoding time enormously. An efficient macroblock level fast mode decision algorithm is proposed in this paper. Macroblocks which are likely to choose a large block size during mode decision are detected early and those smaller size modes are rejected for these macroblocks. Experimental results show that 40.52% encoding time is saved with only 0.01dB PSNR drop on average.
58D5DB9C	We present an efficient search technique which minimizes the computations necessary for estimating the motion in video-sequences by the block matching method. We also discuss the theoretical basis for conducting such a reduced search by our technique. We then present two algorithms which employ the proposed technique for estimating the motion typical of video-conferencing environment. Next, the results of computer simulations on a real video-sequence are included which demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed technique. Finally, the results of a study of statistical properties of block motion-compensated frame difference signals are also summarized, to assist in future choice of a coding strategy for such signals.
7EA690CD	Motion estimation (ME) is an important part of modern video coding systems to exploit temporary redundancy in a video. Motion estimation is typically per-formed firstly with integer-pixel accuracy and then at sub-pixel accuracy, which includes half-pixel and quarter-pixel accuracy. When sophisticated fast integer-pixel accuracy motion-search algorithms are used to decrease the number of search points for integer-pixel motion search, quarter-pixel motion search becomes another important processing bottleneck in the encoding process. The conventional method is to search 8 half-pixel positions around the motion vector (MV) obtained from integer-pixel motion search, then do motion search in the same way on 8 quarter-pixel positions around the MV obtained from the half-pixel motion search, therefore, in total, 16 search points are needed. The proposed algorithm, named sub-optimal quarter-pixel inter-prediction algorithm (SQIA), successfully optimizes the quarter-pixel motion search part and improves the processing speed with low PSNR penalty.
8029D552	A fast inter-mode determination algorithm based on the macro-block (MB) tracking scheme and rate-distortion (RD) cost is proposed for the H.264/AVC video standard in which residual prediction is composed of intra-modes and inter-modes. In addition to intra-mode prediction, 8 block types exist for the best coding gain based on rate-distortion (RD) optimization in the inter-mode prediction. This scheme gives rise to exhaustive computations (search) in the coding procedure. To reduce the computational load of the inter-mode search at the inter-frame, we propose a new inter-mode determination algorithm based on the rate-distortion (RD) cost of the neighborhood MB that is tracked for the current MB in the previous frame. Based on the MB tracking scheme, an efficient sequential mode search approach is presented. We verify the performance of the proposed scheme through comparative analysis of experimental results using JM reference software.
7EE25013	Motion estimation represents the most computationally intensive task for all efficient motion compensated compression standards. This fact, despite the several efforts aiming at reducing its complexity, still constitutes a serious obstacle for obtaining the highest quality results theoretically achievable by the standard. This is particularly evident when critical conditions occur, such as when very large search windows are needed to have efficient motion prediction for sequences containing large displacements. In this paper we present a new block motion estimation technique, based on the combination of the tracing of trajectories obtained from the already coded motion field and a genetic heuristic search. This technique can be applied to any group of picture structure of any block based compression standard, with a complexity reduction factor up to more than two orders of magnitude at optimal coding results.
7F899BA8	In spite of their advantages, region-based approaches present a heavy burden in the required amount of information to describe region contours. To avoid these limitations, a new region-based motion estimation and compensation strategy is proposed, which allows the operation on arbitrary shaped regions and the ability to reconstruct them without any contour information. The strategy is enhanced by the use of multivector motion estimation and compensation. Results showing the quality and advantages of the strategy are provided.
6E8D4190	We present an efficient fine granular scalable video compression scheme which supports a fast bit rate adaptation independent of the encoder. The proposed scheme generates an embedded bitstream for each frame or, by appropriate multiplexing, for each group of picture. This rate-scalability is supported by an embedded bitstream which allows decoding at multiple rates, or to be more specific at virtually any rate. Drift removing techniques based on intra refresh or feedback mechanisms are presented. We show the potential of this video codec for variable bit rate channels as well as in combination with an unequal erasure protection scheme for error robust and efficient transmission over packet erasure channels. Possible enhancements of the presented coding schemes are discussed.
7F568FCB	Current digital video representations emphasize compression efficiency, lacking some of the flexibility required for interactive manipulation of digital bitstreams. We present a video representation which can encompass both space and time, providing a temporally coherent description of video sequences. The video sequence is segmented into its component objects, and the trajectory of each object throughout the sequence is described parametrically, according to a spatiotemporal motion model. Since the motion model is a continuous function of time, the video representation becomes frame-rate independent and the temporal resolution a user-definable parameter. i.e. the traditional sequence of frames, with the temporal structure hardcoded into the bitstream at the time of production, is replaced by a collection of scene snapshots assembled on the fly by the decoder. This enables random access and temporal scalability, the major building blocks for interactivity.
7FEE278F	This paper describes a method for calibrating a stereo-camera using its pure translational motion. The left and right cameras translate in several directions simultaneously. For each camera and each translation, an image sequence is obtained, feature points being extracted and tracked. An epipole is estimated for each image sequence and calibration is carried out using the relation between known translations and estimated epipoles. After finding calibration and rotation matrices of each camera, 3D reconstruction of feature points is performed. Reconstructed points are used to find translational relation between both cameras. The method was tested with real image data, and experimental results show that it is applicable in practice.
5F72D6F8	Motion-compensated temporal filtering is an essential ingredient of recently developed wavelet-based scalable video coding schemes. Lifting implementation of these decompositions represents a versatile tool for spatio-temporal optimizations and numerous improvements have thus been proposed. In this paper, we propose an alternative structure for the temporal prediction in the 5/3 filterbank. It significantly reduces the ghosting artefacts in the temporal approximation subband frames, providing a higher quality scalability and improved compression performance, for an equivalent complexity.
814D5E6A	Motion compensation with redundant-wavelet multihypothesis, in which multiple predictions that are diverse in transform phase contribute to a single motion estimate, is deployed into the fully scalable MC-EZBC video coder. The bidirectional motion-compensated temporal-filtering process of MC-EZBC is adapted to the redundant-wavelet domain, wherein transform redundancy is exploited to generate a phase-diverse multihypothesis prediction of the true temporal filtering. Noise not captured by the motion model is substantially reduced, leading to greater coding efficiency. In experimental results, the proposed system exhibits substantial gains in rate-distortion performance over the original MC-EZBC coder for sequences with fast or complex motion.
7DE7EAF9	In video transcoding, pre-encoded frames may be arbitrarily dropped to freely adjust the video to meet the network and client requirements. Since transcoding is carried out in real-time, incoming motion vectors are reused to reduce the transcoding latency. In this paper, we propose a new motion vector composition scheme for arbitrarily dropping any frame from incoming video bit-stream comprising I, B and P frames. The transcoded bit-stream retains the I-B-P frame structure. Experimental results are presented and compared to show the efficacy of the proposed scheme
80619D3E	Due to the considerable computational complexity of full-search (ITS) in motion estimation, many suboptimal but fast block-matching algorithms (BMAs) have been developed. Among them, the diamond search (DS) series is the most promising method. To further reduce complexity and improve performance, we propose a modified diamond-search (MODS) algorithm for rapid block matching based on the well-known DS algorithm. A novel fine granularity halfway-stop (FGHS) method based on a dynamic block distortion threshold is also proposed. To avoid being trapped in local optima, unlike some small DS methods, MODS adaptively starts with a relatively large search pattern for high motion blocks which are automatically determined via the first block matching distortion. The threshold is obtained via a linear model utilizing already computed distortion statistics. Experiments show that the proposed algorithm achieves less search points with no significant PSNR degradation when compared to that of FS and other fast BMAs.
7D66B455	In this study sub-pixel motion estimation via one-bit transform is proposed. Low-bit resolution representations exist in literature for motion estimation. However sub-pixel motion estimation employing these kinds of transforms has not tried until now. One-bit (1BT) transform based motion estimation can give inaccurate result for block size of 8times8. Half and quarter pixel motion vectors can be calculated using one-bit transform. In this work higher performance is achieved computing half and quarter pixel motion vectors utilizing one-bit transform than pure one-bit motion estimation
7DC8035D	Multiple block size motion estimation is adopted in the latest JVT/H.264 video coding standard to achieve higher coding efficiency. However, full exhaustive search of all block sizes is computational intensive with motion estimation complexity increasing linearly with the number of block sizes allowed. We propose a fast integer motion estimation method for multiple block size motion estimation (FMBME) which reduces computation significantly. Experimental result shows that, compared with full search, the proposed method can have a speed up factor of four with bit-rate increases within 1%.
5B26EB0A	In several multimedia applications, image and video coding plays a significant role. In many applications, sceneries such as broadcast services over satellite and terrestrial channels, digital video storage, wires and wireless conversational services and digital video communication are used. It is not possible to store full digital video without processing. Video compression reduces the data used to represent digital video images and is a combination of spatial image compression and temporal motion compensation. The main aim of our research is to develop an efficient video compression system. The proposed system consists of three steps. At first, wavelet decomposition is applied to the I–frame and the resulting coefficients are quantised using the listless SPECK (LSK) algorithm. In the next step, motion estimation is done using adaptive rood search with the spatio–temporal correlation method (ARS–ST) and it calculates the distance between the P–frame and I–frame blocks. In the final step, the difference between the original and the predicted P–frame is evaluated and is known as residual. To produce good quality predictive frames, this residual is transmitted along with motion vectors (MVs) and to decrease its size, it is coded using LSK. The proposed video compression technique uses different videos for assessment and by determining the PSNR values, compression efficiency is estimated. By comparing the proposed system with existing systems, it is seen that our system effectively compresses videos with remarkable PSNR measurements.
79B9874E	We combine predictive hexagonal pattern and partial distortion searches with the recently proposed constrained one-bit transform-based motion estimation scheme to reduce the computational load of the motion estimation process. Furthermore, the kernel used to obtain the one-bit images is simplified. Experimental results show significant reduction of the number of average search points, with only a slight loss in motion estimation accuracy.
7AC9CBBA	We introduce a variable block size motion estimation architecture that is adaptive to the full search (FS) and the three-step search (3SS) algorithms. Early termination, intensive data reuse, pipelined datapath with bit serial execution, and memory access management tailored to the search patterns of the FS and 3SS form key features of the architecture. The design was synthesized using Synopsys Design Compiler and 45nm standard cell library technology. The architecture sustains real-time CIF format with an operational frequency as low as 17.6MHz and consumes 1.98 mW at this clock rate. This architecture with its 500MHz peak operational frequency provides the end-user with the flexibility of choosing between video quality and throughput based on power consumption and processing speed constraints.
7E02C748	In the search for lower bit rate image compression and representation, a new video motion estimation technique (VMET), that considers video object translation, as well as rotation, and planar multilayering, is described. This new concept uses a modified multipopulation coevolutionary genetic algorithm (MMCGA), that receives the video objects of segmented reference images, and outputs the corresponding motion and layer information, using object and layer genotypes. Genetic operation strategies of reproduction, crossover, mutation, and dominance are applied recurrently in order to create successive generations of genomes with much better fitness, until convergence, or the maximum allowed number of generations is reached. For the increase of prediction accuracy and convergence speed, a lifetime fitness strategy is used. Simulations with synthetic images have shown very encouraging results with the proposed video motion estimation technique, which competes favorably with respect to the conventional algorithms in accuracy, effectiveness, robustness, simplicity and speed.
8009AFA1	Superresolution is the process of combining information from multiple subpixel-shifted low-resolution images to form a high-resolution image. It works quite well under ideal conditions but deteriorates rapidly with inaccuracies in motion estimates. We model the original high-resolution image as a Markov random field (MRF) with a discontinuity adaptive regularizer. Given the low-resolution observations, an estimate of the superresolved image is obtained by using the iterated conditional modes (ICM) algorithm, which maximizes the local posterior conditional probability sequentially. The proposed method not only preserves edges but also lends robustness to errors in the estimates of motion and blur parameters. We derive theoretically the neighborhood structure for the posterior distribution in the presence of warping, blurring, and downsampling operations and use this to effectively reduce the overall computations. Results are given on synthetic as well as real data to validate our method.
7D6AA12C	We present an adaptive quarter-pel (Qpel) motion estimation (ME) method for H.264/AVC. Instead of applying Qpel ME to all macroblocks (MBs), the proposed method selectively performs Qpel ME in an MB level. In order to reduce the bit rate, we also propose a motion vector (MV) encoding technique that adaptively selects a different variable length coding (VLC) table according to the accuracy of the MV. Experimental results show that the proposed method can achieve about 3% average bit rate reduction.
76899030	In video coding, research is focused on the development of fast motion estimation (ME) algorithms while keeping the coding distortion as small as possible. It has been observed that the real world video sequences exhibit a wide range of motion content, from uniform to random, therefore if the motion characteristics of video sequences are taken into account before hand, it is possible to develop a robust motion estimation algorithm that is suitable for all kinds of video sequences. This is the basis of the proposed algorithm. The proposed algorithm involves a multistage approach that includes motion vector prediction and motion classification using the characteristics of video sequences. In the first step, spatio-temporal correlation has been used for initial search centre prediction. This strategy decreases the effect of unimodal error surface assumption and it also moves the search closer to the global minimum hence increasing the computation speed. Secondly, the homogeneity analysis helps to identify smooth and random motion. Thirdly, global minimum prediction based on unimodal error surface assumption helps to identify the proximity of global minimum. Fourthly, adaptive search pattern selection takes into account various types of motion content by dynamically switching between stationary, center biased and, uniform search patterns. Finally, the early termination of the search process is adaptive and is based on the homogeneity between the neighboring blocks.Extensive simulation results for several video sequences affirm the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm. The self-tuning property enables the algorithm to perform well for several types of benchmark sequences, yielding better video quality and less complexity as compared to other ME algorithms. Implementation of proposed algorithm in JM12.2 of H.264/AVC shows reduction in computational complexity measured in terms of encoding time while maintaining almost same bit rate and PSNR as compared to Full Search algorithm.
7013E392	A cooperative motion estimation (ME) scheme using a modified Particle Swarm Optimization (PSO) algorithm is presented. The proposed algorithm is based on a multi-swarm PSO model where a swarm of PSO particles is defined for each macroblock (MB) in the frame. Motion estimation is then performed in a cooperative manner concurrently for all the MBs in the frame. Cooperation between neighboring MBs during the motion estimation process is allowed through a communication step to exchange information about the motion vectors found so far in the estimation process. This synergic relationship between the swarms of adjacent MBs allows refining the motion search and leads to both a faster convergence of the PSO process and an improvement in the resulting motion vectors. Several techniques are also proposed to improve the search capacity and computational complexity of the PSO iterations. A novel PSO initialization scheme that exploits the existing temporal correlation is proposed to remove dependency between adjacent MBs. A fitness function history preservation mechanism is also presented to prevent redundant repeated calculations of the fitness function of a given search point by the PSO particles which dramatically decreases the computational complexity. Moreover, the maximum allowed velocity of the particles is adaptively varied during the PSO iterative process which provides a balance between search exploration and exploitation. The proposed scheme exhibits a high level of data parallelism since it is capable of performing motion estimation for all the MBs of the frame in parallel rather than serially. As a result, the presented algorithm is amenable to parallel processing techniques. In this paper, a multicore implementation of our proposed algorithm is performed using the MATLAB® Parallel Computing Toolbox™ (PCT). Extensive simulations are performed to analyze the performance of the presented algorithm. It is found that the presented scheme provides improvements in terms of accuracy and computational complexity as compared to conventional fast motion estimation techniques and two state-of-the-art PSO-based ME schemes. An analysis of the parallel performance shows that the presented scheme is highly scalable and that the parallel efficiency increases with the increase in video resolution. The multicore implementation of the proposed algorithm using MATLAB could achieve a speedup of 6.21 on eight CPU cores for high-definition (HD) video sequences. The multicore performance of the proposed scheme is also compared with existing parallel algorithms in the literature and is shown to give superior results.
0BE47B0F	Because motion estimation represents a major computational load in typical vide encoding systems, there has been extensive research into fast motion estimation techniques. Given the nature of the process, two major classes of complexity reduction techniques have been proposed. These seek to speed up search times by (i) reducing the cost of each matching operation or (ii) reducing the number of points considered in the search region. In fast matching (FM) techniques, a typical approach is to compute the cost function based on a subset of pixels in a block. In fast search (FS) approaches, the complexity reduction comes from restricting the number of points in the search region, based on fixed rules or on initialization based on motion vectors already computed for other blocks or the previous frame. In this paper we use as a baseline algorithm the initialize- refine technique which belongs to the FS class. We concentrate on the case of real time software video encoding, which allows the flexibility of using variable complexity algorithms. Thus, we modify our baseline algorithm using a Lagrange multiplier approach similar to that of which allows us to explicitly take into account the trade-offs between search complexity and residual frame energy. Furthermore, we combine this algorithm with a novel fast matching method for SAD estimation which allows us to estimate the SAD based on successive subsets of pixels in a particular block. This method naturally possesses computational scalability because we can stop the framework and gives us one more degree of freedom to control the complexity/residual energy trade-off. We show that the combined algorithm achieves reductions of around 25 percent in computation time with respect to the original algorithm without SAD estimation. These results are further improved by designing a test structure that is optimized for typical sequences and where test for an early termination of the matching process are only included if they are though to be worthwhile in terms of the overall complexity. 
75C8DB1C	This paper proposes a video encoder with improved visual quality achieved through more accurate motion estimation and perceptual quantization. A quadtree-based variable size block motion estimation scheme jointly optimizes both motion vector coding and residual coding by minimizing the actual rate subject to a constraint on overall distortion. The residual coder includes perceptual quantization and direct block coding. Since the residual is encoded directly without any transform, the encoder achieves comparable speed with MPEG. The encoded video outperforms that of MPEG in terms of both PSNR and visual quality.