7C325CE0	Watermarking of multimedia content is important to authenticate, copy-control and ownership detection. In this paper, multimedia authentication and tamper detection scheme is proposed with the security of AES(Advanced Encryption Standard) ciphered watermarking and hash function. The algorithm embeds two watermarks in the host image for authentication and tamper detection. We first used Unique Identification Code (UIC) as first robust watermark which is then embedded using the 2-level discrete wavelet transform. Hash code of host image is calculated and used as secondary watermark for tamper detection. This method is blind in nature. The PSNR, SSIM values are used as a metric to test the efficiency of the enhanced watermarking technique. The results show that the imperceptibility of method is high as compared to the existing.
5BC1AE79	We describe a digital watermarking method for use in audio, image, video and multimedia data. We argue that a watermark must be placed in perceptually significant components of a signal if it is to be robust to common signal distortions and malicious attack. However, it is well known that modification of these components can lead to perceptual degradation of the signal. To avoid this, we propose to insert a watermark into the spectral components of the data using techniques analogous to spread sprectrum communications, hiding a narrow band signal in a wideband channel that is the data. The watermark is difficult for an attacker to remove, even when several individuals conspire together with independently watermarked copies of the data. It is also robust to common signal and geometric distortions such as digital-to-analog and analog-to-digital conversion, resampling, and requantization, including dithering and recompression and rotation, translation, cropping and scaling. The same digital watermarking algorithm can be applied to all three media under consideration with only minor modifications, making it especially appropriate for multimedia products. Retrieval of the watermark unambiguously identifies the owner, and the watermark can be constructed to make counterfeiting almost impossible. Experimental results are presented to support these claims.
79DCAAEC	A novel wavelet domain based semi-fragile watermarking scheme is presented for securing digital content and to concisely determine the regions where the integrity fails. In addition, another watermark is embedded to perform self-recovery in case of malicious attack. The security weaknesses of the traditional block-based approaches are circumvented by correlating the watermark bits with wavelet coefficients of the approximation subband of the host image. Semi-fragility exhibits robustness to JPEG compression, while recovery attribute makes the scheme suitable for video surveillance and remote sensing applications. Experimental investigations are performed to evaluate the performance of the proposed multiple semi-fragile watermarks and shows the suitability of the proposed approach for accurate authentication and recovery based applications.
7562FC29	Aiming to balance the robustness and imperceptibility of database watermark, propose a wavelet transform (DWT) based blind watermarking algorithm. The algorithm screens candidate attributes that can be embedded watermark and conducts subset segmentation and rearrangement, and then performs DWT transformation to the data subsets and the scrambled watermark image respectively. Embed the compressed low-frequency part of the watermark into the High-frequency part of the data set to achieve data fusion. Theoretical analysis and experiments show that the algorithm enjoys strong robustness and good invisibility.
809D24E9	Reversible semi-fragile authentication watermark (RSAW) is required in an integrated and powerful authentication system. An effective RSAW scheme should have the desirable features: tamper detection and localization, good perceptual invisibility, detection without requiring explicit knowledge of the original image, robustness against lossy compression, noise attack and low-pass filtering to some extent, reversibility on condition that marked image has not been disturbed, and high security against forge attack. To our best knowledge, RSAW schemes that are presented in the literature are not effective enough. This paper proposes a new RSAW scheme which is effective and has additional features as tamper discerning, computational efficiency and multiple encryption keys supporting. Experimental results demonstrate the validity of the proposed RSAW scheme
77E2777E	Digital watermarking is the process of introducing small modifications into a copy of a digital document that can be detected later. The embedded information can be used to determine the document's owner or simply to distinguish several copies. However, coincidental or malicious “attacks” can degrade the robustness of watermark detection. Here, uniform scalar quantization of watermarked documents is investigated theoretically, extending results from theory of dithered quantization, and experimentally. The watermark is embedded by an independent additive pseudo-noise sequence. The statistical distribution of the quantization errors depending on the statistics of the host signal and the watermark is used to determine the robustness of watermark detection via correlation. Experiments with JPEG compression of an image with a DCT-domain additive watermark demonstrate the usefulness of the presented theory.
7578EEF3	In this letter, we present a new audio watermarking technique using -box transformation. Furthermore, we analyze the strength of the proposed watermarking technique with MSE analysis, PSNR analysis, SSIM analysis, robustness analysis, compression attack analysis, noise attack analysis, cropping analysis and capacity analysis and conclude that the proposed method of watermarking is better than many existing techniques.
7D3743F2	This paper presents a new semi-fragile watermarking algorithm for audio authentication, which takes full advantage of scrambing algorithm. Watermark scrambling algorithm can dispel the pixel space relationship of the binary watermark image. After scrambing, the white pixels and black ones of original watermark image are comparatively orderliness, which is robustness against signal processing and fragility to malicious attack. Therefore the proposed scheme can tolerate general signal processing, e.g. MPEG Audio Layer 3 (MP3) compression, and can detect any spiteful tamper on watermarked audio; locate spatial regions from the ruleless of pixels without the help from the original watermark, and even can evaluate the temper degree. Experimental results show that the algorithm can identify intentional content modification and incidental tampering, and also indicate the location where a modification takes place.
79BF98B1	H.264/AVC is a widespread standard for high definition video (HD) for example DVD and HD videos on the internet. To prevent unauthorized modifications, video authentication can be used. In this paper, we present a cryptanalysis of a H.264/AVC video authentication scheme proposed by Saadi et al. [1] at EUSIPCO 2009. Our result will prevent situations where newer schemes are developed from the scheme thus amplifying the flaw. The designers claimed that the scheme can detect modifications on watermarked video. However, we show that an attacker can modify the watermarked video and compute a valid watermark such that the recipient will retrieve a watermark from the modified watermarked video that will match what the recipient computes during video authentication check. Thus, the recipient will think the tampered video is authentic. The first main problem of the scheme is its use of hash functions for watermark generation. Since hash functions are public functions not depending on any secret, the attacker can modify the watermarked video and feed this through the hash function to compute a new watermark. The second problem is that it is possible for the attacker to perform watermark embedding thus producing a modified watermarked video. On receiving the modified video, the recipient recomputes the watermark and compares this with the watermark extracted from the video. They will match because the embedded watermark and recomputed watermark use the same hash function based watermark generation and the same input i.e. the modified video. Our cryptanalysis strategy applies to any watermarking based video authentication scheme where the watermark and embedding are not functions of secrets. As countermeasure, the functions should be designed so that only legitimate parties can perform them. We present two improved schemes that solve this problem based on private key signing functions and message authentication functions respectively. 
7F411E8F	This paper addresses issues that arise in copyright protection systems of digital images, which employ blind watermark verification structures in the discrete cosine transform (DCT) domain. First, we observe that statistical distributions with heavy algebraic tails, such as the alpha-stable family, are in many cases more accurate modeling tools for the DCT coefficients of JPEG-analyzed images than families with exponential tails such as the generalized Gaussian. Motivated by our modeling results, we then design a new processor for blind watermark detection using the Cauchy member of the alpha-stable family. The Cauchy distribution is chosen because it is the only non-Gaussian symmetric alpha-stable distribution that exists in closed form and also because it leads to the design of a nearly optimum detector with robust detection performance. We analyze the performance of the new detector in terms of the associated probabilities of detection and false alarm and we compare it to the performance of the generalized Gaussian detector by performing experiments with various test images.
80B4B08A	One of the threats to watermarking security is unauthorized removal. In this paper, we present a framework based on extended TPM to solve this problem. As to the spread spectrum (SS) watermarking schemes we believe that it has the capability of read- but-not-remove if the platform software environment on which watermark detection process run is trusted. We think using Trusted Computing Platform could enhance the security of watermarking detection. Firstly, to support our framework, we point out that standard TCG must be extended. Secondly, we discuss the security and feasibility about our method. Finally, we use a SS watermarking scheme as an example and come to a conclusion that a traditional watermarking scheme could get the capability of secure detection after being transformed based on our framework.
7811A20D	A ROI (region of interest) of a medical image is an area including important information and must be stored without any distortion. In order to achieve optimal compression as well as satisfactory visualization of medical images, we compress the ROI by lossless compression, and the rest by lossy compression. Furthermore, security is an important issue in web-based medical information system. Watermarking skill is often used for protecting medical images. In this paper, we present a robust technique embedding the watermark of signature information or textual data around the ROI of a medical image based on genetic algorithms. A fragile watermark is adopted to detect any unauthorized modification. The embedding of watermark in the frequency domain is more difficult to be pirated than in spatial domain.
777FAEBB	The paper is focused on the evolution of the watermarking schemes from pixel-based approaches to content based methods. Firstly, the field of watermarking is presented, its implication in the real word is outlined. The second section gives a brief overview of different approaches in the spatial and the frequential domain. We then present different content-based approaches used to improve the invisibility or the synchronisation of the mark. The last section describes our content-based scheme; the synchronisation of the mark after image processing lies in the use of feature point detectors. The image is decomposed into a set of triangles and each triangle is individually marked.
128FCFCC	In-network processing presents a critical challenge for data authentication in wireless sensor networks (WSNs). Current schemes relying on Message Authentication Code (MAC) cannot provide natural support for this operation since even a slight modification to the data invalidates the MAC. Although some recent works propose using privacy homomorphism to support in-network processing, they can only work for some specific query-based aggregation functions, e.g. SUM, average, etc. In this paper, based on digital watermarking, we propose an end-to-end, statistical approach for data authentication that provides inherent support for in-network processing. In this scheme, authentication information is modulated as watermark and superposed on the sensory data at the sensor nodes. The watermarked data can be aggregated by the intermediate nodes without incurring any en route checking. Upon reception of the sensory data, the data sink is able to authenticate the data by validating the watermark, thereby detecting whether the data has been illegitimately altered. In this way, the aggregation–survivable authentication information is only added at the sources and checked by the data sink, without any involvement of intermediate nodes. Furthermore, the simple operation of watermark embedding and complex operation of watermark detection provide a natural solution of function partitioning between the resource limited sensor nodes and the resource abundant data sink. In addition, the watermark can be embedded in both spatial and temporal domains to provide the flexibility between the detection time and detection granularity. The simulation results show that the proposed scheme can successfully authenticate the sensory data with high confidence.
753DC3A7	A  new watermarking scheme having the ability of sharing secret with multi-users is proposed. It splits the original watermark into two shares and embeds one share into the cover image to increase the security. A polarization procedure is performed to establish a polarity stream from the cover image. The second share and the polarity stream are used to generate a master key and several normal keys. In this system, only the super-user can reveal the genuine watermark directly. Other users possess the normal keys can obtain shadow watermarks merely. By combining the shadow watermarks together, the real watermark can be recovered.
802F0C1D	A method is presented for marking high-quality digital images with a robust and invisible watermark. A broad definition of robustness, stated as fundamental, is used. It requires the invisible mark to survive and remain detectable through all image manipulations that in themselves does not damage the image beyond useability. These manipulations include JPEG "lossy" compression and, in the extreme, the printing and rescanning of the image. The watermark is imparted onto an image as a random, bur reproducible, small modulation of its pixel brightnesses, and becomes a permanent part of the marked image. Detecting the imparted watermark, especially after image manipulation, is a daunting task. It is one of detecting the presence of a known small modulation of a random carrier where the carrier is composed of the pixel brightness values of the unmarked image. The method presented exploits the not well understood but superb ability of the human visual system to recognize a correlated pattern in a scatter diagram called a "visualizer-coincidence image." Results of application of the method are presented.
7B8AF693	This paper presents a watermarking scheme, which is robust and can sustain almost all attack on audio file. In the proposed watermarking scheme use a robust watermark which can resist all attacks. The feature of the proposed scheme is to resist minimum mean square error (MMSE) estimation attack. In audio samples an energy efficient watermark is embedded which satisfies the power spectrum condition (PSC). In PSC compliant technique watermark's power spectrum is directly proportional to that of the original signal. The watermark satisfying PSC are proven to be most robust. Energy efficient watermarking scheme resist MMSE as much as possible. Experiments justify that the proposed scheme is inaudible and robust against various attack such as noise adding, resampling, requantization, random cropping and MP3 compression.
76441826	In this paper, a DC-based approach to robust watermarking is proposed. Classical watermarking schemes widely for frequency domain hide information in various frequency components. Due to codec operations, hidden information usually is corrupted and damaged. The lack of robustness against possible codec attack is an important issue of advanced watermarking technique. In this study, we find the polarity of DC components in each image block is robust to the DCT/IDCT operations. Thus, a new watermarking scheme based DC-component is developed. In this proposed scheme, information bits are encoded and hidden in the DC-components of each image block. The experimental results indicate that (1) hidden information can be recovered from compression/decompression attacks and (2) the information-hiding process is low computation- complexity. Besides, the relationship between block size and the amount of hidden information is also investigated to illustrate the deployment strategy in real applications.
7FAA1196	The growth of new imaging technologies has created a need for techniques that can be used for copyright protection of digital images and video. One approach for copyright protection is to introduce an invisible signal, known as a digital watermark, into an image or video sequence. In this paper, we describe digital watermarking techniques, known as perceptually based watermarks, that are designed to exploit aspects of the the human visual system in order to provide a transparent (invisible), yet robust watermark. In the most general sense, any watermarking technique that attempts to incorporate an invisible mark into an image is perceptually based. However, in order to provide transparency and robustness to attack, two conflicting requirements from a signal processing perspective, more sophisticated use of perceptual information in the watermarking process is required. We describe watermarking techniques ranging from simple schemes which incorporate common-sense rules in using perceptual information in the watermarking process, to more elaborate schemes which adapt to local image characteristics based on more formal perceptual models. This review is not meant to be exhaustive; its aim is to provide the reader with an understanding of how the techniques have been evolving as the requirements and applications become better defined.
808BBE9F	3D face recognition is one of the most popular researches at present. However, 3D face model stored in databases can be tampered or overwritten with attacker's own, which results in that legitimate user failed in authentication or lost their identity. In this paper, we provide a security enhancement scheme for biometric system and implement it in 3D face recognition. In our scheme, a digital watermark algorithm for 3D face model authentication is proposed to guarantee that the 3D face model in databases can not be modified. The difference of recognition performance between method with authentication and method without authentication is measured to evaluate our security enhancement scheme. Experiment results show the scheme and 3D face model authentication algorithm we proposed is viable and valid.
770D38E1	In this paper a fragile watermarking technique based on Karhunen-Loève transform (KLT) and genetic algorithms (GA) is proposed. To achieve high sensibility to content manipulations, the proposed algorithm slightly modifies the middle-frequency KLT coefficients while maintaining the visual imperceptibility of the watermark (i.e., the average peak signal-to-noise ratio reported was 52.49 dB). It uses a GA to compensate the errors in the extraction of the authentication information, which is a pseudo-random generated watermark sequence. The experimental tests carried out show that the scheme is able to detect pixel-level alterations localizing the block in which the pixel(s) was modified.
80A861F9	The paper discusses the feasibility of coding an "undetectable" digital water mark on a standard 512/spl times/512 intensity image with an 8 bit gray scale. The watermark is capable of carrying such information as authentication or authorisation codes, or a legend essential for image interpretation. This capability is envisaged to find application in image tagging, copyright enforcement, counterfeit protection, and controlled access. Two methods of implementation are discussed. The first is based on bit plane manipulation of the LSB, which offers easy and rapid decoding. The second method utilises linear addition of the water mark to the image data, and is more difficult to decode, offering inherent security. This linearity property also allows some image processing, such as averaging, to take place on the image, without corrupting the water mark beyond recovery. Either method is potentially compatible with JPEG and MPEG processing.
7AAAD725	In this paper, we present two watermarking approaches that are robust to geometric distortions. The first approach is based on image normalization, in which both watermark embedding and extraction are carried out with respect to an image normalized to meet a set of predefined moment criteria. We propose a new normalization procedure, which is invariant to affine transform attacks. The resulting watermarking scheme is suitable for public watermarking applications, where the original image is not available for watermark extraction. The second approach is based on a watermark resynchronization scheme aimed to alleviate the effects of random bending attacks. In this scheme, a deformable mesh is used to correct the distortion caused by the attack. The watermark is then extracted from the corrected image. In contrast to the first scheme, the latter is suitable for private watermarking applications, where the original image is necessary for watermark detection. In both schemes, we employ a direct-sequence code division multiple access approach to embed a multibit watermark in the discrete cosine transform domain of the image. Numerical experiments demonstrate that the proposed watermarking schemes are robust to a wide range of geometric attacks.
7EF782AE	The issue of copyright protection of digital multimedia data has attracted a lot of attention during the last decade. An efficient copyright protection method that has been gaining popularity is watermarking, i.e., the embedding of a signature in a digital document that can be detected only by its rightful owner. Watermarks are usually blindly detected using correlating structures, which would be optimal in the case of Gaussian data. However, in the case of DCT-domain image watermarking, the data is more heavy-tailed and the correlator is clearly suboptimal. Nonlinear receivers have been shown to be particularly well suited for the detection of weak signals in heavy-tailed noise, as they are locally optimal. This motivates the use of the Gaussian-tailed zero-memory nonlinearity, as well as the locally optimal Cauchy nonlinearity for the detection of watermarks in DCT transformed images. We analyze the performance of these schemes theoretically and compare it to that of the traditionally used Gaussian correlator, but also to the recently proposed generalized Gaussian detector, which outperforms the correlator. The theoretical analysis and the actual performance of these systems is assessed through experiments, which verify the theoretical analysis and also justify the use of nonlinear structures for watermark detection. The performance of the correlator and the nonlinear detectors in the presence of quantization is also analyzed, using results from dither theory, and also verified experimentally.
78FFE60B	Recently, several semi-fragile watermarking approaches with the additional capability of image recovery have been proposed. However, the security, robustness, and image recovery aspect of these approaches have certain shortcomings. In this paper, a novel semi-fragile watermarking framework using integer transform based information embedding and extraction is proposed, which allows accurate authentication and recovery of the image. It is based on integer wavelet transform with improved security against collage attack, enhanced robustness, and capability of producing better quality recovered image. Security is enhanced by correlating the to-be-embedded watermark with the approximation subband of wavelet transform. Similarly, no unprotected area is left for attacks on the image, either in spatial or transform domain. Robustness is enhanced by using the idea of embedding in largest coefficient inside a group and correlating it with the quantized version of the mean of the group. In particular, the recovery approach is improved by introducing lossless compression and BCH coding of the integer DCT based low-pass version of the cover image itself. Alteration sensitivity is improved compared to traditional block-based approaches and thus the proposed approach can concisely determine the regions where the integrity verification fails. Experimental comparisons with existing approaches validate the usefulness of the proposed multiple semi-fragile watermarking approach.
7DAFE534	With rapidly growing interest in ways to hide information, a large number of schemes have been proposed for watermarks and other information in digital pictures, video, audio and other multimedia objects. In an attempt to overcome this problem, watermarking has been suggested in the literature as the most effective means for copyright protection and authentication. The main focus of this thesis is the problem of joint watermarking and compression of images due to bandwidth or storage constraints.
56521F97	The paper proposes the use of digital watermark based authentication for intrusion detection in IEC 61850-automated substations. The watermark can be embedded into the Least Significant Bits of the measurements without visible deterioration in precision. When Intelligent Electronics Devices gets measurements, the watermark in the measurement can be retrieved to determine whether it has been attacked and detect malicious intrusion. The proposed approach is appropriate for the time critical and resource constrained applications in substation automation system for its simplicity. Numerical simulation shows that the process latency and error incurred by watermarking is acceptable and will not impact performance of protective function in IEC 61850 automated substations.
75C44EE3	In-network processing presents a critical challenge for data authentication in wireless sensor networks (WSNs). Current schemes relying on message authentication code (MAC) cannot provide natural support for this operation since even a slight modification to the data invalidates the MAC. In this paper, based on digital watermarking, we propose an end-to-end approach for data authentication in WSNs that provides inherent support for in-network processing. In this scheme, authentication information is modulated as watermark and superposed to the sensory data at the sensor nodes. The watermarked data can be aggregated by the intermediate nodes without incurring any en-route checking. Upon reception of the sensory data, possibly distorted by the operations along the route, the data sink is able to authenticate the data by validating the watermark, detecting whether the data has been altered and where it has occurred. In this way, the aggregation-survivable authentication information is only added at the sources and checked by the data sink, without any involvement of intermediate nodes. Furthermore, the simple operation of watermark embedding and complex operation of watermark detection provide a natural solution of function partitioning between the resource limited sensor nodes and resource abundant data sink. The simulation results show that the proposed scheme can successfully authenticate the sensory data with high confidence.
7C2F314E	In this paper two watermarking algorithms for image content authentication with localization and recovery capability of the tampered regions are proposed. In both algorithms, a halftone version of the original gray-scale image is used as an approximated version of the host image (image digest) which is then embedded as a watermark sequence into given transform domains of the host image. In the first algorithm, the Integer Wavelet Transform (IWT) is used for watermark embedding which is denominated WIA-IWT (Watermarking-based Image Authentication using IWT), while in the second one, the Discrete Cosine Transform (DCT) domain is used for this purpose, we call this algorithm WIA-DCT (Watermarking-based Image Authentication using DCT). In the authentication stage the tampered regions are detected using the Structural Similarity index (SSIM) criterion, which are then recovered using the extracted halftone image. In the recovery stage, a Multilayer Perceptron (MLP) neural network is used to carry out an inverse halftoning process to improve the recovered image quality. The experimental results demonstrate the robustness of both algorithms against content preserved modifications, such as JPEG compression, as well as an effective authentication and recovery capability. Also the proposed algorithms are compared with some previously proposed content authentication algorithms with recovery capability to show the better performance of the proposed algorithms.
76FB3E9A	We present an innovative scheme of blindly extracting message bits when a watermarked image is distorted. In this scheme, we have exploited the capabilities of machine learning (ML) approaches for nonlinearly classifying the embedded bits. The proposed technique adaptively modifies the decoding strategy in view of the anticipated attack. The extraction of bits is considered as a binary classification problem. Conventionally, a hard decoder is used with the assumption that the underlying distribution of the discrete cosine transform coefficients do not change appreciably. However, in case of attacks related to real world applications of watermarking, such as JPEG compression in case of shared medical image warehouses, these coefficients are heavily altered. The sufficient statistics corresponding to the maximum likelihood based decoding process, which are considered as features in the proposed scheme, overlap at the receiving end, and a simple hard decoder fails to classify them properly. In contrast, our proposed ML decoding model has attained highest accuracy on the test data. Experimental results show that through its training phase, our proposed decoding scheme is able to cope with the alterations in features introduced by a new attack. Consequently, it achieves promising improvement in terms of bit correct ratio in comparison to the existing decoding scheme.
7883FD41	Compared with Generalized Gaussian distribution (GGD), Cauchy distribution is superior to describe the statistical distribution of the Intra-coded DCT coefficients in H.264/AVC For the bipolar additive watermark in H.264/AVC video stream, a Cauchy distribution based detection algorithm is proposed by ternary hypothesis testing. Experimental results show that the proposed approach can achieve more than 80% on average for the accuracy of watermark detection.
7CAC2376	Watermarking techniques are applied to digital media to protect their integrity and copyright. The embedding of a watermark, however, often distorts the quality of the protected image. This may be intolerable since the protected media is for preserving artistic and valuable images. Hence, engineers have proposed removable solutions permitting authorized users to restore watermarked images to unmarked images with satisfactory quality. Unfortunately, these mechanisms cannot resist signal processing attacks to protect the ownership. In this article, we propose a novel watermarking mechanism by utilizing pair-difference correlations upon subsampling and the technique of JND. This new approach can guarantee the robust essentials of watermarking schemes. Experimental results reveal that the new method outperforms others in terms of restored image quality. More specifically, this novel approach can resist various attacks to which related works are vulnerable.
82802DDF	A content authentication and tamper recovery scheme for digital speech signal is proposed. In this paper, a new compression method for speech signal based on discrete cosine transform is discussed, and the compressed signals obtained are used to tamper recovery. One block-based large capacity embedding method is explored, which is used for embedding the compressed signals. For the scheme proposed, watermark is generated by frame number and compressed signal. If watermarked speech is attacked, the attacked frames can be located by frame number, and reconstructed by using the compressed signal. Theoretical analysis and experimental results demonstrate that the scheme not only improves the security of watermark system, but also can locate the attacked frames precisely and reconstruct the attacked frames.
7D49B3E7	The widespread use of digital multimedia data has increased the need for effective means of copyright protection. Watermarking has attracted much attention, as it allows the embedding of a signature in a digital document in an imperceptible manner. In practice, watermarking is subject to various attacks, intentional or unintentional, which degrade the embedded information, rendering it more difficult to detect. A very common, but not malicious, attack is quantization, which is unavoidable for the compression and transmission of digital data. The effect of quantization attacks on the nearly optimal Cauchy watermark detector is examined in this paper. The quantization effects on this detection scheme are examined theoretically, by treating the watermark as a dither signal. The theory of dithered quantizers is used in order to correctly analyze the effect of quantization attacks on the Cauchy watermark detector. The theoretical results are verified by experiments that demonstrate the quantization effects on the detection and error probabilities of the Cauchy detection scheme.
6C8550AF	For verification and authentication of the video material and recovery of the original video several security mechanisms are required. The security techniques to realize this solution are introduced in: The verification of the integrity is verified by hash functions.Authenticity is verified by digital signatures using asymmetric cryptography and hash functions. The introduced scheme from [1] uses RSA signatures. The private key of the digital signature mechanism is used to sign the data and the corresponding public key is used for verification of the encrypted data. If the data can be verified the corresponding private key was used for the digital signature generation and the data seems to be authentic as well integer.Furthermore the original content can be reproduced by inverting of the watermark with the well know techniques of Fridrich et al. [2]. Additional secret key cryptography (symmetric crypt function) protects the reproduction. The invertibility is necessary, because we use a digital watermark to embed the authentication message and signature into the media itself. Digital watermark, in this application fragile watermark, changes the data and the original data cannot be reconstructing. To invert the data, the watermark must be removed and the original data reconstructed. The watermark embeds the information into a non visual or acoustical channel of the data after the original data of the channel were compressed and encrypted. The compression realizes the new space for the watermark consisting of the encrypted selected data and security information.
7E430A10	We have entered an era where inexpensive and readily-available equipment can produce perfect copies of digital multimedia materials, such as CD-quality audio, publication-quality images, or digital video. In this environment, it has become easier for malicious parties to make salable copies of copyrighted content without compensation to the content owner. Many media content owners are concerned about the potential loss of revenue from multimedia piracy, especially when the content will be exposed to the Internet. Digital watermarking is seen by many as a potential solution to this problem. Many different watermarking schemes have been proposed. Often, however there is little discussion of how effective a proposed watermarking technique may be at solving a particular problem. We describe a number of proposed image-watermarking application scenarios and form a small number of watermark-application categories. Then, with these applications in mind, we discuss the desired technical properties of watermarks for each category. Finally we discuss some watermarking techniques developed by the authors, in light of the desired properties.
7DB1BDB2	Watermarks allow embedded signals to be extracted from audio and video content for a variety of purposes. One application is for copyright control, where it is envisaged that digital video recorders will not permit the recording of content that is watermarked as "never copy". In such a scenario, it is important that the watermark survive both normal signal transformations and attempts to remove the watermark so that an illegal copy can be made. We discuss to what extent a watermark can be resistant to tampering and describe a variety of possible attacks.
7D3761ED	The watermarking of digital images, audio, video, and multimedia products in general has been proposed for resolving copyright ownership and verifying originality of content. This paper studies the contribution of watermarking for developing protection schemes. A general watermarking framework (GWF) is studied and the fundamental demands are listed. The watermarking algorithms, namely watermark generation, embedding, and detection, are analyzed and necessary conditions for a reliable and efficient protection are stated. Although the GWF satisfies the majority of requirements for copyright protection and content verification, there are unsolved problems inside a pure watermarking framework. Particular solutions, based on product registration and related network services, are suggested to overcome such problems.
7FA69773	This paper proposes a novel watermarking scheme with flexible self-recovery quality. The embedded watermark data for content recovery are calculated from the original discrete cosine transform (DCT) coefficients of host image and do not contain any additional redundancy. When a part of a watermarked image is tampered, the watermark data in the area without any modification still can be extracted. If the amount of extracted data is large, we can reconstruct the original coefficients in the tampered area according to the constraints given by the extracted data. Otherwise, we may employ a compressive sensing technique to retrieve the coefficients by exploiting the sparseness in the DCT domain. This way, all the extracted watermark data contribute to the content recovery. The smaller the tampered area, the more available watermark data will result in a better quality of recovered content. It is also shown that the proposed scheme outperforms previous techniques in general.
7A5CF78E	Many digital watermarking algorithms are proposed in the literature. Broadly these watermarking algorithms can be classified into two main categories. The first category of algorithms uses a pseudo random Gaussian sequence (PRGS) watermark whereas the second category of algorithms uses a binary logo as a watermark. The main advantage of PRGS based watermarking scheme is its ability to detect the presence of watermark without manual intervention. However the main drawback is calculating reliable threshold value. In the similar manner the main advantage of binary logo watermark is that there is no need to calculate threshold value but requires manual intervention to detect the presence of watermark. The advantage and disadvantage of either approach is quite clear hence it would be a good idea to design a watermarking scheme which inherits the advantages from both these approaches. In this paper we present one such approach which is termed as bar-code watermarking. The proposed scheme offers objective as well as subjective detection. A PRGS sequence watermark is represented as a bar-code on a binary logo and embedded in the host image. Watermark detection can be either done subjectively or objectively
77B4C1C7	The work presented here deals with watermarking algorithms. The goal is to show how the Human Visual System (H.V.S) properties can be taken into account in the conception of such algorithms. The construction of the watermarking algorithm presented in this paper needs three steps. In the first one the selection of auspicious sites for the watermark embedding is described. The selection exploits a multi-channel model of the Human Visual System which decomposes the visual input into seventeen perceptual components. Medium and high frequencies are then selected to generate a sites map. This latter is improved by considering some high level uniform areas. The second step deals with the choice of the strength to apply to the selected sites. The strength is determined by considering the H.V.S. sensitivity to the local band limited contrast. In the third step, examples of spatial watermarking embedding and extraction are given. The same perceptual mask has been successfully used in other studies. The watermark results from a binary pseudo-random sequence, of length 64, which is circularly shifted so as to occupy all the sites mentioned above. The watermark extraction exploits the detection theory and requires both the perceptual mask and the original watermark. The extracted watermark is then compared to the original and a normalized correlation coefficient is computed. This coefficient value allows the detection of the copyright.
7FB6F52A	Robustness is one of the crucial issues in digital watermarking. Especially the robustness against geometric distortion and JPEG compression at the same time remains challenging. In this paper, a locally linear embedding (LLE) based watermarking algorithm that is robust against affine transformation is proposed. This algorithm improves the robustness via the intrinsic robustness of the LLE. A random generated watermark is embedded in the coefficients of reconstruction weights of the locally linear embedding. In watermark extraction, the watermark can be extracted almost the same process as the watermark embedding. Experimental results have demonstrated that the proposed watermarking scheme is more robust than other watermarking algorithms reported in the literature. Specifically, it is robust against almost all affine transform related testing functions in StirMark 3.1. While the approach is presented for gray-level images, it can be applied to color images and video sequences.