76D55405	The relative ineffectiveness of information retrieval systems is largely caused by the inaccuracy with which a query formed by a few keywords models the actual user information need. One well known method to overcome this limitation is automatic query expansion (AQE), whereby the user’s original query is augmented by new features with a similar meaning. AQE has a long history in the information retrieval community but it is only in the last years that it has reached a level of scientific and experimental maturity, especially in laboratory settings such as TREC. This survey presents a unified view of a large number of recent approaches to AQE that leverage various data sources and employ very different principles and techniques. The following questions are addressed. Why is query expansion so important to improve search effectiveness? What are the main steps involved in the design and implementation of an AQE component? What approaches to AQE are available and how do they compare? Which issues must still be resolved before AQE becomes a standard component of large operational information retrieval systems (e.g., search engines)?
793E2B82	Techniques for automatic query expansion from top retrieved documents have shown promise for improving retrieval effectiveness on large collections; however, they often rely on an empirical ground, and there is a shortage of cross-system comparisons. Using ideas from Information Theory, we present a computationally simple and theoretically justified method for assigning scores to candidate expansion terms. Such scores are used to select and weight expansion terms within Rocchio's framework for query reweigthing. We compare ranking with information-theoretic query expansion versus ranking with other query expansion techniques, showing that the former achieves better retrieval effectiveness on several performance measures. We also discuss the effect on retrieval effectiveness of the main parameters involved in automatic query expansion, such as data sparseness, query difficulty, number of selected documents, and number of selected terms, pointing out interesting relationships.
7BB25BBA	In this paper, we investigate medical students medical search behavior on a medical domain. We use two behavioral signals: detailed query analysis (qualitative and quantitative) and task completion time to understand how medical students perform medical searches based on varying task complexity. We also investigate how task complexity and topic familiarity affect search behavior. We gathered 80 interactive search sessions from an exploratory survey with 20 medical students. We observe information searching behavior using 3 simulated work task scenarios and 1 personal scenario. We present quantitative results from two perspectives: overall and user perceived task complexity. We also analyze query properties from a qualitative aspect. Our results show task complexity and topic familiarity affect search behavior of medical students. In some cases, medical students demonstrate different search traits on a personal task in comparison to the simulated work task scenarios. These findings help us better understand medical search behavior. Medical search engines can use these findings to detect and adapt to medical students' search behavior to enhance a student's search experience.
59F41337	In information retrieval, queries can fail to find documents due to mismatch in terminology. Query expansion is a well-known technique addressing this problem, where additional query terms are automatically chosen from highly ranked documents, and it has been shown to be effective at improving query performance. However, current techniques for query expansion use fixed values for key parameters, determined by tuning on test collections. In this paper we show that these parameters may not be generally applicable, and more significantly that the assumption that the same parameter settings can be used for all queries is invalid. Using detailed experiments with two test collections, we demonstrate that new methods for choosing parameters must be found. However, our experiments also demonstrate that there is considerable further scope for improvement to effectiveness through better query expansion.
7F448138	With the population of information technique and Web application, Web information retrieval has became an essential part of work, study and life. As the problems of retrieval increasing, many researches pay more attention on retrieval technique. The study presented in this paper proposes the query expansion technique based on ontology. It uses the rich semantic knowledge of ontology to upgrade the retrieval based on keywords to concepts, and combines it with the specialized engine to improve retrieval effect and efficiency. The paper also takes patent information for example to explain its application at the end.
5CE38F5A	This paper presents an ongoing research on the comparison of ontological query expansion methods. Query Expansion is a technique that aims to enhance the results of a search by adding terms to the search query; today, it is a very important research topic in the semantic web and information retrieval areas. Although many efforts have been made from the theoretical point of view to implement effective and general methods for expanding queries, based on both statistical and ontological approaches, the practical applicability of them is nowadays restricted to few and very specific domains. The aim of this paper is the definition of a platform for the implementation of a subset of such methods, in order to make comparisons among them and try to define how and when use ontological QE. This work is part of JUMAS, a research project funded by European Community where query expansion is used to support the retrieval of significant information from audio–video transcriptions in the legal domain.
7CD3D243	Enterprise search is important, and the search quality has a direct impact on the productivity of an enterprise. Many information needs of enterprise search center around entities. Intuitively, information related to the entities mentioned in the query, such as related entities, would be useful to reformulate the query and improve the retrieval performance. However, most existing studies on query expansion are term-centric. In this paper, we propose a novel entity-centric query expansion framework for enterprise search. Specifically, given a query containing entities, we first utilize both unstructured and structured information to find entities that are related to the ones in the query. We then discuss how to adapt existing feedback methods to use the related entities to improve search quality. Experiment results show that the proposed entity-centric query expansion strategy is more effective to improve the search performance than the state-of-the-art pseudo feedback methods on longer, natural language-like queries with entities.
79904BF4	Hundreds of millions of users each day use web search engines to meet their information needs. Advances in web search effectiveness are therefore perhaps the most significant public outcomes of IR research. Query expansion is one such method for improving the effectiveness of ranked retrieval by adding additional terms to a query. In previous approaches to query expansion, the additional terms are selected from highly ranked documents returned from an initial retrieval run. We propose a new method of obtaining expansion terms, based on selecting terms from past user queries that are associated with documents in the collection. Our scheme is effective for query expansion for web retrieval: our results show relative improvements over unexpanded full text retrieval of 26%--29%, and 18%--20% over an optimised, conventional expansion approach.
80BCD8D0	We introduce a new theoretical derivation, evaluation methods, and extensive empirical analysis for an automatic query expansion framework in which model estimation is cast as a robust constrained optimization problem. This framework provides a powerful method for modeling and solving complex expansion problems, by allowing multiple sources of domain knowledge or evidence to be encoded as simultaneous optimization constraints. Our robust optimization approach provides a clean theoretical way to model not only expansion benefit, but also expansion risk, by optimizing over uncertainty sets for the data. In addition, we introduce risk-reward curves to visualize expansion algorithm performance and analyze parameter sensitivity. We show that a robust approach significantly reduces the number and magnitude of expansion failures for a strong baseline algorithm, with no loss in average gain. Our approach is implemented as a highly efficient post-processing step that assumes little about the baseline expansion method used as input, making it easy to apply to existing expansion methods. We provide analysis showing that this approach is a natural and effective way to do selective expansion, automatically reducing or avoiding expansion in risky scenarios, and successfully attenuating noise in poor baseline methods.
69FD3F3F	This paper describes our work at CLEF 2007 Robust Task. We have applied local query expansion using windows of terms, but considering different measures of robustness during the training phase in order to optimize the performance: MAP, GMAP, MMR, GS@10, P@10, number of failed topics, number of topics below 0.1 MAP, and number of topics with P@10=0. The results were not disappointing, but no settings were found that simultaneously improved all measures. A key issue for us was to decide which set of measures we had to select for optimization.This year all our runs also gave good rankings, both base runs and expanded ones. However, our expansion technique does not improve significantly the retrieval performance. At TREC and CLEF Robust Tasks other expansion techniques have been used to improve robustness, but results were not uniform. In conclusion, regarding robustness the objective must be to make good information retrieval systems, rather than to tune some query expansion techniques.
5A10CFD2	In this paper we explain experiments in the medical information retrieval task (ImageCLEFmed). We experimented with query expansion and the amount of textual information obtained from the collection. For expansion, we carried out experiments using MeSH ontology and UMLS separately. With respect to textual collection, we produced three different collections, the first one with caption and title, the second one with caption, title and the text of the section where the image appears, and the third one with the full text article. Moreover, we experimented with textual and visual search, along with the combination of these two results. For image retrieval we used the results generated by the FIRE software. The best results were obtained using MeSH query expansion on shortest textual collection (only caption and title) merging with the FIRE results.
5C1D7D00	Query expansion techniques are used to find the desired set of query terms to improve retrieval performance. One of the limitations with the query expansion techniques is that a query is often expanded only by the linguistic features of terms. This paper presents a novel semantic query expansion technique that combines association rules with ontologies and information retrieval techniques. We propose to use the association rule discovery to find good candidate terms to improve the retrieval performance. These candidate terms are automatically derived from collections and added to the original query. Our method is differentiated from others in that 1) it utilizes the semantics as well as linguistic properties of unstructured text corpus and 2) it makes use of contextual properties of important terms discovered by association rules. Experiments conducted on a subset of TREC collections give quite encouraging results. We achieve from 15.49% to 20.98% improvement in term of P@20 with TREC5 ad hoc queries.
7AA55F5D	Novice users often do not have enough domain knowledge to create good queries for searching information on-line. To help alleviate the situation, exploration techniques have been used to increase the diversity of the search results so that not only those explicitly asked will be returned, but also those potentially relevant ones will be returned too. Most existing approaches, such as collaborative filtering, do not allow the level of exploration to be controlled. Consequently, the search results can be very different from what is expected. We propose an exploration strategy that performs intelligent query processing by first searching usable old queries, and then utilising them to adapt the current query, with the hope that the adapted query will be more relevant to the user's areas of interest. We applied the proposed strategy to the implementation of a personal information assistant (PIA) set up for user evaluation for 3 months. The experimental results showed that the proposed exploration method outperformed collaborative filtering, and mutation and crossover methods by around 25% in terms of the elimination of off-topic results. 
5FB22737	There is increasing interest in improving the robustness of IR systems, i.e. their effectiveness on difficult queries. A system is robust when it achieves both a high Mean Average Precision (MAP) value for the entire set of topics and a significant MAP value over its worst X topics (MAP(X)). It is a well known fact that Query Expansion (QE) increases global MAP but hurts the performance on the worst topics. A selective application of QE would thus be a natural answer to obtain a more robust retrieval system.We define two information theoretic functions which are shown to be correlated respectively with the average precision and with the increase of average precision under the application of QE. The second measure is used to selectively apply QE. This method achieves a performance similar to that with unexpanded method on the worst topics, and better performance than full QE on the whole set of topics.
016F5BB5	The use of temporal data extracted from text, to improve the effectiveness of Information Retrieval systems, has recently been the focus of important research work. Our research hypothesis is that the usage of the temporal relationship between words improves the Information Retrieval results. For this purpose, the texts are temporally segmented to establish a relationship between words and dates found in texts. This approach was applied in Query Expansion systems, using a collection with Portuguese newspaper texts. The results showed that the use of the temporality of words can enhance retrieval effectiveness. In particular for time-sensitive queries, we achieved 9.5% improvement in Precision@10. To our knowledge, this is the first work using temporal text segmentation to improve retrieval results.
772E4A41	This paper introduces a future and past search engine, ChronoSeeker, which can help users to develop long-term strategies for their organizations. To provide on-demand searches, we tackled two technical issues: (1) organizing efficient event searches and (2) filtering out noises from search results. Our system employed query expansion with typical expressions related to event information such as year expressions, temporal modifiers, and context terms for efficient event searches. We utilized a machine-learning technique of filtering noise to classify candidates into information or non-event information, using heuristic features and lexical patterns derived from a text-mining approach. Our experiment revealed that filtering achieved an 85% F-measure, and that query expansion could collect dozens more events than those without expansion. 
811EA444	Tourism information is dynamic and travel routes and decisions are dependent on highly varying factors such as perceived attractive sites, weather conditions, prices, transportation, accommodation, holidays, economic changes and so on. Travel guidebooks and present search engines completely lack this potential for dialog. Travel information search activities involved planning, decision making, anticipation of the trip with other people. The community (network of people) may act as a gateway to the information repository, when a tourist is not able to find the right information himself/herself or does not know about his/her information need. This leads to the collaboration for searching tourism information. Considering the following issues we are motivated to study this topic.
7B145537	This paper examines the meaning of context in relation to ontology based query expansion and contains a review of query expansion approaches. The various query expansion approaches include relevance feedback, corpus dependent knowledge models and corpus independent knowledge models. Case studies detailing query expansion using domain-specific and domain-independent ontologies are also included. The penultimate section attempts to synthesise the information obtained from the review and provide success factors in using an ontology for query expansion. Finally the area of further research in applying context from an ontology to query expansion within a newswire domain is described.
05137BD4	This paper evaluates the retrieval effectiveness of query expansion strategies on a MEDLINE test collection using Cornell University's SMART retrieval system. Three expansion strategies are tested on their ability to identify appropriate McSH terms for user queries: expansion using an inter-field statistical thesaurus, expansion via retrieval feedback and expansion using a combined approach. These expansion strategies do not require prior relevance decisions. The study compares retrieval effectiveness using the original unexpanded and the alternative expanded user queries on a collection of 75 queries and 2334 MEDLINE citations. Retrieval effectiveness is assessed using eleven point average precision scores (11-AvgP). The combination of expansion using the thesaurus followed by retrieval feedback gives the best improvement of 17% over a baseline performance of 0.5169 11-AvgP. However this improvement is almost identical to that achieved by expansion via retrieval feedback (16.4%). Query expansion using the inter-field thesaurus gives a significant but lower performance improvement (9.9%) over the same baseline. This study recommends query expansion using retrieval feedback for adding McSH search terms to a user's initial query.
7C2981BC	This paper proposes a novel query expansion method to improve accuracy of text retrieval systems. Our method makes use of a minimal relevance feedback to expand the initial query with a structured representation composed of weighted pairs of words. Such a structure is obtained from the relevance feedback through a method for pairs of words selection based on the Probabilistic Topic Model. We compared our method with other baseline query expansion schemes and methods. Evaluations performed on TREC-8 demonstrated the effectiveness of the proposed method with respect to the baseline.
77808CC5	An evaluation of graph theoretical clusters of index terms which can be extracted from an automatically indexed document collection, and the effects of employing such clusters in automatic document retrieval is described. The graph theoretical clusters which were developed from six data bases under two different cluster definitions were analyzed for average size and related data. The clusters were also used to expand the queries in each of six data bases to determine the effect of the expansions on the document retrieval results.Although a large variety of clusters and associated query expansions were obtained, no significant improvements in the document retrieval performance were achieved. In some cases, however, significant degradations in the retrieval performance occurred. Although seemingly meaningful clusters can be obtained, the results indicate that the effort involved in finding clusters and adding the clustered terms to queries is far too great to warrant their use in an operational system. The data bases employed were relatively small, and the authors caution against generalizing these results to larger data bases or other situations.
5CEC0571	This paper describes a new method to automatically obtain a new thesaurus which exploits previously collected information. Our method relies on different resources, such as a text collection, a set of source thesauri and other linguistic resources. We have applied different techniques in the different phases of the process. By applying indexing techniques, the text collection provides the set of initial terms of interest for the new thesaurus. Then, these terms are searched in the source thesauri, providing the initial structure of the new thesaurus. Finally, the new thesaurus is enriched by searching for new relationships among its terms. These relationships are first detected using similarity measures and then are characterized with a type (equivalence, hierarchy or associativity) by using different linguistic resources. We have based the system evaluation on the results obtained with and without the thesaurus in an information retrieval task proposed by the Cross-Language Evaluation Forum (CLEF). The results of these experiments have revealed a clear improvement of the performance.
7C318F32	The evaluation of 6 ranking algorithms for the ranking of terms for query expansion is discussed within the context of an investigation of interactive query expansion and relevance feedback in a real operational environment. The yardstick for the evaluation was provided by the user relevance judgements on the lists of the candidate terms for query expansion. The evaluation focuses on the similarities in the performance of the different algorithms and how the algorithms with similar performance treat terms.
767E699B	Query expansion methods have been studied for a long time - with debatable success in many instances. In this paper we present a probabilistic query expansion model based on a similarity thesaurus which was constructed automatically. A similarity thesaurus reflects domain knowledge about the particular collection from which it is constructed. We address the two important issues with query expansion: the selection and the weighting of additional search terms. In contrast to earlier methods, our queries are expanded by adding those terms that are most similar to the concept of the query, rather than selecting terms that are similar to the query terms. Our experiments show that this kind of query expansion results in a notable improvement in the retrieval effectiveness when measured using both recall-precision and usefulness.
795DA831	Existing pseudo-relevance feedback methods typically perform averaging over the top-retrieved documents, but ignore an important statistical dimension: the risk or variance associated with either the individual document models, or their combination. Treating the baseline feedback method as a black box, and the output feedback model as a random variable, we estimate a posterior distribution for the feed-back model by resampling a given query's top-retrieved documents, using the posterior mean or mode as the enhanced feedback model. We then perform model combination over several enhanced models, each based on a slightly modified query sampled from the original query. We find that resampling documents helps increase individual feedback model precision by removing noise terms, while sampling from the query improves robustness (worst-case performance) by emphasizing terms related to multiple query aspects. The result is a meta-feedback algorithm that is both more robust and more precise than the original strong baseline method.
7732CCC0	Most casual users of IR systems type short queries. Recent research has shown that adding new words to these queries via odhoc feedback improves the re- trieval effectiveness of such queries. We investigate ways to improve this query expansion process by refining the set of documents used in feedback. We start by using manually formulated Boolean filters along with proxim- ity constraints. Our approach is similar to the one pro- posed by Hearst(l2). Next, we investigate a completely automatic method that makes use of term cooccurrence information to estimate word correlation. Experimental results show that refining the set of documents used in query expansion often prevents the query drift caused by blind expansion and yields substantial improvements in retrieval effectiveness, both in terms of average preci- sion and precision in the top twenty documents. More importantly, the fully automatic approach developed in this study performs competitively with the best manual approach and requires little computational overhead.
7D79605B	Applications such as office automation, news filtering, help facilities in complex systems, and the like require the ability to retrieve documents from full-text databases where vocabulary problems can be particularly severe. Experiments performed on small collections with single-domain thesauri suggest that expanding query vectors with words that are lexically related to the original query words can ameliorate some of the problems of mismatched vocabularies. This paper examines the utility of lexical query expansion in the large, diverse TREC collection. Concepts are represented by WordNet synonym sets and are expanded by following the typed links included in WordNet. Experimental results show this query expansion technique makes little difference in retrieval effectiveness if the original queries are relatively complete descriptions of the information being sought even when the concepts to be expanded are selected by hand. Less well developed queries can be significantly improved by expansion of hand-chosen concepts. However, an automatic procedure that can approximate the set of hand picked synonym sets has yet to be devised, and expanding by the synonym sets that are automatically generated can degrade retrieval performance.
75FC25F4	Automatic query expansion has long been suggested as a technique for dealing with the fundamental issue of word mismatch in information retrieval. A number of approaches to ezpanrnion have been studied and, more recently, attention has focused on techniques that analyze the corpus to discover word relationship (global techniques) and those that analyze documents retrieved by the initial quer~ ( local feedback). In this paper, we compare the effectiveness of these approaches and show that, although global analysis haa some advantages, local analysia is generally more effective. We also show that using global analysis techniques, such as word contezt and phrase structure, on the local aet of documents produces re- sults that are both more effective and more predictable than simple local feedback
78D3F0A3	Research into both the algorithmic and human approaches to information retrieval is required to improve information retrieval system design and database searching effectiveness. This study uses the human approach to examine the sources and effectiveness of search terms selected during mediated interactive information retrieval. The study focuses on determining the retrieval effectiveness of search terms identified by users and intermediaries from retrieved items during term relevance feedback. Results show that terms selected from particular database fields of retrieved items during term relevance feedback (TRF) were more effective than search terms from the intermediary, database thesauri or users' domain knowledge during the interaction, but not as effective as terms from the users' written question statements. Implications for the design and testing of automatic relevance feedback techniques that place greater emphasis on these sources and the practice of database searching are also discussed.
7AB99E2A	Many queries are submitted to search engines by right-clicking the marked text (i.e., the query) in Web browsers. Because the document being read by the searcher often provides sufficient contextual information for the query, search engine could provide much more relevant search results if the query is augmented by the contextual information captured from the source document. How to extract the right contextual information from the source document is the main focus of this study. To this end, we evaluate 7 text component extraction schemes, and 5 feature extraction schemes. The former determines from which text component (e.g., title, meta-data, or paragraphs containing the selected query) to extract contextual information; the latter determines which words or phrases to extract. In total 35 combinations are evaluated and our evaluation results show that noun phrases extracted from all paragraphs that contain the query word is the best option.
7B2AB066	In an era of online retrieval, it is appropriate to offer guidance to users wishing to improve their initial queries. One form of such guidance could be short lists of suggested terms gathered from feedback, nearest neighbors, and term variants of original query terms. To verify this approach, a series of experiments were run using the Cranfield test collection to discover techniques to select terms for these lists that would be effective for further retrieval. The results show that significant improvement can be expected from this approach to query expansion.
7626898C	The effectiveness of queries in information retrieval can be improved through query expansion. This technique automatically introduces additional query terms that are statistically likely to match documents on the intended topic. However, query expansion techniques rely on fixed parameters. Our investigation of the effect of varying these parameters shows that the strategy of using fixed values is questionable.
75762437	Users normally facing difficulties to expresses their information needs into a query format that the search system can use to process. Therefore users frequently modify their query with intention to retrieve better results. The goal of this experiment is to compare the precision of the retrieved results by employing domain ontology to reformulate the user query. We proposed to reformulate the query (initially in natural language) by replacing it with the terms retrieved from ontology. Then we improve the approach by combining the terms from ontology with keyword/s extracted from the initial user's natural language query. Precision measure had been conducted for six queries and the results showed that the idea of combining ontology terms with keyword from query gave a promising result. It achieved higher precision in comparison when using ontology terms alone. This experimental result indicates that query reformulation is more efficient when ontology term/s combined with key element from the user's query.
7AAD636F	Query expansion (QE) and document expansion (DE) have been proved effective for improving the retrieval performance in language modeling approach. However, the issue that which expansion technique is more effective in information retrieval (IR), has not been well studied and discussed. To address this issue, this paper performs an empirical study on QE and DE to examine their effects. Moreover, since QE and DE exploit different corpus structures, we also examine the potential effectiveness of incorporating QE and DE. Experimental results on several TREC test collections show that both QE and DE significantly outperform the classical language model, but the effectiveness of QE and DE is varied in different settings of retrieval. In addition, incorporating QE with DE does not always bring about the best performance.
7FF6DDDA	The ineffectiveness of information retrieval systems often caused by the inaccurate use of keywords in a query. In order to solve the ineffectiveness problem in information retrieval systems, many solutions have been proposed over the years. The most common techniques are revolving around query modification techniques such as query expansion, query refinement, etc. Due to the high similarity in these query modification techniques, people are often confused about their differences. However, few existing survey papers compare their differences. Hence, in this paper, we first briefly discuss the basic technique of query expansion, query suggestion and query refinement, and then make a detailed comparison between these three techniques. We finally show the promising future research trend in the field of query modification.
7EDCAF6E	We present empirical analysis of human searches for information from mobile devices, focusing on temporal dynamics, semantics, and topics of queries. Our analysis is based on a large scale data of mobile search logs over a week period from a major US mobile service provider. We find that human searches appear in bursts over time with the distribution of the query inter arrival time following a power law decay up to a day and decays exponentially beyond. Interestingly, this finding conforms to some other measures of human activity reported in previous studies. We also provide preliminary characterisation results of the semantics and topics of queries, some of which conform to that of previous studies. The results would be of general interest for understanding the dynamics of human activity and, in particular, may be leveraged for the design of mobile services.
8026925D	Utilizing external collections to improve retrieval performance is challenging research because various test collections are created for different purposes. Improving medical information retrieval has also gained much attention as various types of medical documents have become available to researchers ever since they started storing them in machine processable formats. In this paper, we propose an effective method of utilizing external collections based on the pseudo relevance feedback approach. Our method incorporates the structure of external collections in estimating individual components in the final feedback model. Extensive experiments on three medical collections (TREC CDS, CLEF eHealth, and OHSUMED) were performed, and the results were compared with a representative expansion approach utilizing the external collections to show the superiority of our method.
5C6FC0E8	This article presents a new, hybrid approach that projects an initial query result onto global information, yielding a local conceptual overview. Concepts found this way are candidates for query refinement.We show that the resulting conceptual structure after a typical short query of 2 terms, contains refinements that perform just as well as a most accurate query formulation.Subsequently we illustrate that query by navigation is an effective mechanism which in most cases finds the optimal concept in a small number of steps. When an optimal concept is not found, the navigation process still finds an acceptable sub-optimum.
8065B044	This paper reports an evaluation of three methods for the expansion of natural language queries in ranked-out put retrieval systems. The methods are based on term co-oc currence data, on Soundex codes, and on a string similarity measure. Searches for 110 queries in a database of 26,280 titles and abstracts suggest that there is no significant differ ence in retrieval effectiveness between any of these methods and unexpanded searches.
7D7D8752	Term cooccurrence data has been extensively used in document retrieval systems for the identification of indexing terms that are similar to those that have been specified in a user query: these similar terms can then be used to augment the original query statement. Despite the plausibility of this approach to query expansion, the retrieval effectiveness of the expanded queries is often no greater than, or even less than, the effectiveness of the unexpanded queries. This article demonstrates that the similar terms identified by cooccurrence data in a query expansion system tend to occur very frequently in the database that is being searched. Unfortunately, frequent terms tend to discriminate poorly between relevant and nonrelevant documents, and the general effect of query expansion is thus to add terms that do little or nothing to improve the discriminatory power of the original query. © 1991 John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
7EE1FB33	In web search, users queries are formulated using only few terms and term-matching retrieval functions could fail at retrieving relevant documents. Given a user query, the technique of query expansion (QE) consists in selecting related terms that could enhance the likelihood of retrieving relevant documents. Selecting such expansion terms is challenging and requires a computational framework capable of encoding complex semantic relationships. In this paper, we propose a novel method for learning, in a supervised way, semantic representations for words and phrases. By embedding queries and documents in special matrices, our model disposes of an increased representational power with respect to existing approaches adopting a vector representation. We show that our model produces high-quality query expansion terms. Our expansion increase IR measures beyond expansion from current word-embeddings models and well-established traditional QE methods.
78BB5638	Searching for knowledge in collaborative networked organisations (CNOs) is an important issue as partners must share and use the available knowledge and information spread over their members in the network. Besides that, partners of such networks work in several contexts (roles, activities, processes) and they have naturally different interests. Based on these observations, the aim of this work is to characterise the user context in a CNO and use such a context for customising knowledge search in CNOs. The basic assumption is that the relevance of the search results in the CNO domain is not only defined by the terms of the query but also by the context of the user performing the search. This paper presents an ontology-based model for CNO context as well as a set of rules for query customisation and these elements are framed in an existing framework for knowledge search. Finally, a prototype implementation of the model and rules is presented and some experiments are discussed.
7F0B1B0F	With the open source code movement, code search with the intent of reuse has become increasingly popular. So much so that researchers have been calling it the new facet of software reuse. Although code search differs from general-purpose document search in essential ways, most tools still rely mainly on keywords matched against source code text. Recently, researchers have proposed more sophisticated ways to perform code search, such as including interface definitions in the queries (e.g., return and parameter types of the desired function, along with keywords; called here Interface-Driven Code Search — IDCS). However, to the best of our knowledge, there are few empirical studies that compare traditional keyword-based code search (KBCS) with more advanced approaches such as IDCS. In this paper we describe an experiment that compares the effectiveness of KBCS with IDCS in the task of large-scale code search of auxiliary functions implemented in Java. We also measure the impact of query expansion based on types and WordNet on both approaches. Our experiment involved 36 subjects that produced real-world queries for 16 different auxiliary functions and a repository with more than 2,000,000 Java methods. Results show that the use of types can improve recall and the number of relevant functions returned (#RFR) when combined with query expansion (∼30% improvement in recall, and ∼43% improvement in #RFR). However, a more detailed analysis suggests that in some situations it is best to use keywords only, in particular when these are sufficient to semantically define the desired function.
7C342AEC	In this paper we present the design and evaluation of our biomedical literature searching approaches using the TREC 2004 ad hoc retrieval task in the genomics track. The main approach taken in our system is to expand queries by exploiting the three widely used strategies -local analysis, global analysis, and ontology-based term re-weighting across various search engines. The experimental results show that (1) ontology-based term re-weighting provides the best results among the three query expansion strategies, (2) expanding the initial query with more precise ontology-based term enhances LSI based local analysis substantially, and (3) including context to term re-weighting and LSI further improves the precision. Experimental results also show that the ontology-based term re-weighting with LUCENE or LEMUR search engines increases the average precision by up to 20.3% or 12.1%, respectively, compared to that of the baseline runs. In addition, the LSI-based local analysis increases the average precision by 9.2% with LEMUR search engine. We believe the approaches of the term re-weighting and LSI-based local analysis may be exploited in other bio-medical domains.
7F7D848F	This paper presents the results of an experimental investigation into the effects that some forms of query expansion by term addition or term deletion, have on the retrieval effectiveness of a document retrieval system. The overall search strategy used by a user is an iterative process whereby a set of user-judged relevant documents at any point in the search is used to refine and improve on the remainder of the user's search. At some point during the search, the set of relevant documents found so far can be used to modify the original query, either by the addition or deletion of search terms. This process is called ‘query modification’ or ‘query expansion’. A number of different types of query modification strategies are tried and the results obtained are presented and analysed.
14AE49C6	We describe the participation of the University of Amsterdam’s ILPS group in the blog track at TREC 2008. We mainly explored different ways of using external corpora to expand the original query. In the blog post retrieval task we did not succeed in improving over a simple baseline (equal weights for both the expanded and original query). Obtaining optimal weights for the original and the expanded query remains a subject of investigation. In the blog distillation task we tried to improve over our (strong) baseline using external expansion, but due to differences in the run setup, comparing these runs is hard. Compared to a simpler baseline, we see an improvement for the run using external expansion on the combination of news, Wikipedia and blog posts. 1
02D8DAF0	The focus of our study is zero-hit queries in keyword subject searches and the effort of increasing recall in these cases by reformulating and, then, expanding the initial queries using an external source of knowledge, namely a thesaurus. To this end, the objectives of this study are twofold. First, we perform the mapping of query terms to the thesaurus terms. Second, we use the matched terms to expand the user’s initial query by taking advantage of the thesaurus relations and implementing natural language processing (NLP) techniques. We report on the overall procedure and elaborate on key points and considerations of each step of the process.
7D4465AC	Chinese name translation is a special case of the problem of named entity translation. It is a very challenging problem because there exist many kinds of Romanization systems and some people like to add additional words into their english names. Translating a scholar's name to its corresponding English name could help find information about his academic achievements. In this paper, we provide a classification for Chinese names, and propose a novel approach to mining Chinese name translations from Web corpora. Our approach is based on three kinds of features, namely the phonetic similarity, the smallest distance, and the number of appearances in the neighborhood, to extract name translation candidates by using a query expansion technique and support vector machine (SVM). Experimental results show that our approach can correctly translate the majority of Chinese names.
7E1FECD9	Wikipedia is an online encyclopedia, available in more than 100 languages and comprising over 1 million articles in its English version. If we consider each Wikipedia article as a node and each hyperlink between articles as an arc we have a "Wikigraph", a graph that represents the link structure of Wikipedia. The Wikigraph differs from other Web graphs studied in the literature by the fact that there are explicit timestamps associated with each node's events. This allows us to do a detailed analysis of the Wikipedia evolution over time. In the first part of this study we characterize this evolution in terms of users, editions and articles; in the second part, we depict the temporal evolution of several topological properties of the Wikigraph. The insights obtained from the Wikigraphs can be applied to large Web graphs from which the temporal data is usually not available