0C630554	Genetic algorithms (GAs) are powerful, general purpose adaptive search techniques which have been used successfully in a variety of learning systems. In the standard formulation, GAs maintain a set of alternative knowledge structures for the task to be learned, and improved knowledge structures are formed through a combination of competition and knowledge sharing among the alternative knowledge structures. In this paper, we extend the GA paradigm by allowing multidimensional feedback concerning the performance of the alternative structures. The modified GA is shown to solve a multiclass pattern discrimination task which could not be solved by the unmodified GA. 
79C5C29E	The type of cognitive system (CS) studied here has four basic parts: (1) a set of interacting elementary productions, called classifiers, (2) a performance algorithm that directs the action of the system in the environment, (3) a simple learning algorithm that keeps a record of each classifier's success in bringing about rewards, and (4) a more complex learning algorithm, called the genetic algorithm, that modifies the set of classifiers so that variants of good classifiers persist and new, potentially better ones are created in a provably efficient manner.
7636FDD8	This paper presents a concept of predicting lightning with the data from radiosonde and a more reliable dataset of lightning occurances from Tenaga Nasionl Berhad Research Sdn Berhad (TNBR). The location of interest in this research is Kuala Lumpur International Airport (KLIA). The engine used for prediction is of a Neural Network Back Propogation type (ANN-BP). The initial results show that the combination of datasets and engine are workable, however the prediction results seem to be more biased towards lightning days as compared to non-lightning days.
78648343	
77EEB4C5	Genetic algorithms are search algorithms founded upon the principles of natural evolution laid down by Darwin. They turn out to be competitive for a certain class of problems — complex large-scale problems, as a rule. Among the favorable properties of genetic algorithms are: efficiency, robustness and versatility. A less favorable property of genetic algorithms is the imprecision as a result of the noise used by the method. This tutorial consists of two parts which treat a variety of key issues concerning genetic algorithms. The first part emphasizes the principles underlying genetic algorithms, their search characteristics and the broader perspective in which they fit. This serves as a general, comprehensive introduction. Starting from the first part, the second part of this tutorial elaborates on practical issues such as representation, configuration and hybridization with other techniques. Thereby, some hands-on information is provided, so that common pitfalls can be avoided in using a methodology that exhibits its full power only when handled according to the principles it is based upon.
76FFC211	This paper surveys several applications of biased random-key genetic algorithms (BRKGA) in optimization problems that arise in telecommunications. We first review the basic concepts of BRKGA. This is followed by a description of BRKGA-based heuristics for routing in IP networks, design of survivable IP networks, redundant server location for content distribution, regenerator location in optical networks, and routing and wavelength assignment in optical networks.
7C3BB847	Safety (S) improvement of industrial installations leans on the optimal allocation of designs that use more reliable equipment and testing and maintenance activities to assure a high level of reliability, availability and maintainability (RAM) for their safety-related systems. However, this also requires assigning a certain amount of resources (C) that are usually limited. Therefore, the decision-maker in this context faces in general a multiple-objective optimization problem (MOP) based on RAMS+C criteria where the parameters of design, testing and maintenance act as decision variables. Solutions to the MOP can be obtained by solving the problem directly, or by transforming it into several single-objective problems. A general framework for such MOP based on RAMS+C criteria is proposed in this paper. Then, problem formulation and fundamentals of two major groups of resolution alternatives are presented. Next, both alternatives are implemented in this paper using genetic algorithms (GAs), named single-objective GA and multi-objective GA, respectively, which are then used in the case of application to solve the problem of testing and maintenance optimization based on unavailability and cost criteria. The results show the capabilities and limitations of both approaches. Based on them, future challenges are identified in this field and guidelines provided for further research.
79BD7FEA	Failure behavior of Zn coated Fe is simulated through molecular dynamics (MD) and the energy absorbed at the onset of failure along with the corresponding strain of the Zn lattice are computed for different levels of applied shear rate, temperature and thickness. Data-driven models are constructed by feeding the MD results to an evolutionary neural network. The outputs of these neural networks are utilized to carry out a multi-objective optimization through genetic algorithms, where the best possible tradeoffs between two conflicting requirements, minimum deformation and maximum energy absorption at the onset of failure, are determined by constructing a Pareto frontier.
7EFC1E32	We present an efficient run-based two-scan algorithm for labeling connected components in a binary image. Unlike conventional label-equivalence-based algorithms, which resolve label equivalences between provisional labels, our algorithm resolves label equivalences between provisional label sets. At any time, all provisional labels that are assigned to a connected component are combined in a set, and the smallest label is used as the representative label. The corresponding relation of a provisional label and its representative label is recorded in a table. Whenever different connected components are found to be connected, all provisional label sets concerned with these connected components are merged together, and the smallest provisional label is taken as the representative label. When the first scan is finished, all provisional labels that were assigned to each connected component in the given image will have a unique representative label. During the second scan, we need only to replace each provisional label by its representative label. Experimental results on various types of images demonstrate that our algorithm outperforms all conventional labeling algorithms.
78E95136	Optimization of catalyst composition using a genetic algorithm (GA) is intended to increase the activity in a series of repetitive steps consisting of determination of the composition, catalyst preparation, activity test and feedback to the program. The laborious steps of catalyst preparation and activity test can be replaced by calculation provided that a radial basis function network (RBFN) trained using experimental results is used to evaluate the fitness of the catalyst code.Optimization of the Cu/Zn/Al/Sc ratio of mixed oxide catalyst for methanol synthesis from syngas was simulated. In the simulation, activity was calculated by equations fitted to some experimental results to evaluate the fitness for use in the genetic algorithm program. Data of catalyst composition for input and the STY for output totalling 69-92 points were necessary for successful mapping of the catalytic activity. The network then was trained using 92 experimental results. The highest activity of the catalyst optimized by GA and RBFN was higher than that optimized by GA only. The combination of catalyst design by genetic algorithm and the activity evaluation by RBFN is promising for highly efficient catalyst screening
7A0B5D01	Interior gateway routing protocols like Open Shortest Path First (OSPF) and Distributed Exponentially Weighted Flow Splitting (DEFT) send flow through forward links toward the destination node. OSPF routes only on shortest-weight paths, whereas DEFT sends flow on all forward links, but with an exponential penalty on longer paths. Finding suitable weights for these protocols is known as the weight setting problem (WSP). In this paper, we present a biased random-key genetic algorithm for WSP using both protocols. The algorithm uses dynamic flow and dynamic shortest path computations. We report computational experiments that show that DEFT achieves less network congestion when compared with OSPF, while, however, yielding larger delays.
7D8B599C	This paper proposes new algorithms for the Binate Covering Problem (BCP), a well-known restriction of Boolean Optimization. Binate Covering finds application in many areas of Computer Science and Engineering. In Artificial Intelligence, BCP can be used for computing minimum-size prime implicants of Boolean functions, of interest in Automated Reasoning and Non-Monotonic Reasoning. Moreover, Binate Covering is an essential modeling tool in Electronic Design Automation. The objectives of the paper are to briefly review branch-and-bound algorithms for BCP, to describe how to apply backtrack search pruning techniques from the Boolean Satisfiability (SAT) domain to BCP, and to illustrate how to strengthen those pruning techniques by exploiting the actual formulation of BCP. Experimental results, obtained on representative instances indicate that the proposed techniques provide significant performance gains for a large number of problem instances.
79CB94C3	There is a growing interest from both the regulatory authorities and the nuclear industry to stimulate the use of Probabilistic Risk Analysis (PRA) for risk-informed applications at Nuclear Power Plants (NPPs). Nowadays, special attention is being paid on analyzing plant-specific changes to Test Intervals (TIs) within the Technical Specifications (TSs) of NPPs and it seems to be a consensus on the need of making these requirements more risk-effective and less costly. Resource versus risk-control effectiveness principles formally enters in optimization problems. This paper presents an approach for using the PRA models in conducting the constrained optimization of TIs based on a steady-state genetic algorithm (SSGA) where the cost or the burden is to be minimized while the risk or performance is constrained to be at a given level, or vice versa. The paper encompasses first with the problem formulation, where the objective function and constraints that apply in the constrained optimization of TIs based on risk and cost models at system level are derived. Next, the foundation of the optimizer is given, which is derived by customizing a SSGA in order to allow optimizing TIs under constraints. Also, a case study is performed using this approach, which shows the benefits of adopting both PRA models and genetic algorithms, in particular for the constrained optimization of TIs, although it is also expected a great benefit of using this approach to solve other engineering optimization problems. However, care must be taken in using genetic algorithms in constrained optimization problems as it is concluded in this paper.
777C9324	Genetic algorithms comprise a novel methodology that has proven to be powerful in approaching complex, large-scale optimization problems in a wide variety of sciences, recently including computational chemistry. However, as it turns out, up to now the exploitation of this power is not at all a straightforward matter for many potential practitioners, among which are computational chemists. Both parts of this paper provide keys to this group of scientists that should enable them to open gates towards genetic algorithm applications on computers. After a general introduction, Part I presents a taxonomy for genetic algorithm software. The Discussion highlights important properties of different kinds of genetic algorithm software, and proposes a strategy to the applied scientist who needs an executable application without first having to become an expert in genetic algorithm science. The material presented is largely based on our past experience, which includes the insights that we gained during the development and use of our software library GATES. Applications built with GATES are spread across various fields of computational chemistry. GATES is described in Part II, the accompanying paper.
5F773089	The (SB-DFT) method is modified to include a band-selection algorithm subband discrete Fourier transform. A new general algorithm is investigated to find the index of the first element in a primary-band. The general adaptive SB-DFT is compared in terms of speed with other partial-band DFT methods. This comparison indicates that the SB-DFT is compared in terms of speed with other partial-band DFT methods. This comparison indicates that the SB-DFT with its generalization and adaptation capabilities is still simpler and faster than other approaches.
76CA1DC0	This paper formulates the joint redundancy and replacement schedule optimization problem generalized to multistate system, where the system and its components have a range of performance levels. Multistate system reliability is defined as the ability to maintain a specified performance level. The system elements are chosen from a list of available products on the market and the number of such elements is determined for each system component. Each element is characterized by its capacity, reliability and cost. The reliability of a system element is characterized by its lifetime distribution with the hazard rate, which increases with time. It is specified as the expected number of failures during different time intervals. The optimal system structure and the number of element replacements during the study period are defined as those which provide the desired level of system reliability with minimal sum of costs of capital investments, maintenance and unsupplied demand caused by failures. A universal generating function technique is applied to evaluate the multistate system reliability. A genetic algorithm is used as an optimization technique. Examples of determination of the optimal system structure and replacement schedule are provided.
7C25E7FF	The recently introduced quality criteria for optimisation, describing the coverage of the search and solution spaces as well as the reproducibility of both, are applied in combination with experimental design to fine-tune parameter settings and fitness function of a genetic algorithm for the structure optimisation of a heptapeptide. A series of influences of the investigated parameters are revealed by these criteria, while none of them seem significant from the fitness values of the last population alone. It is therefore suggested to apply these criteria, which are not based on the fitness value of the final population, when developing genetic algorithms. It is shown that they are easily adaptable to specific problems.
7A2B4F00	The flow fields computed for a typical continuous caster are analysed using the basic concepts of Pareto-optimality in the context of multi-objective optimization. The data generated by the flow solver FLUENT are trained through Evolutionary Neural Networks that emerged through a Pareto-tradeoff between the complexity of the network and its accuracy of training. A number of objectives constructed this way are subjected to optimization using a Multi-objective Predator-Prey Genetic Algorithm. The procedure is repeated using the software modeFRONTIER™ and the results are compared and analysed.
78CFA66B	The texture induced anisotropy of yield strength in cold rolled sheet metals is modeled using anisotropic yield criteria. The classical and other optimization methods used so far to determine the yield coefficients are limited by fixed set of experimental data, initial guess values, and pre-determined weight factors. A robust multiobjective optimization based on evolutionary algorithm proposed in this paper minimizes the error in yield stress and plastic strain ratio simultaneously and thereby overcomes the limitations in the approaches used before. The new approach is tested using Hill48 and Barlat89 yield criteria for five different materials from literature. The new approach is observed to improve the prediction capability of yield coefficients when compared to earlier approaches. The Pareto frontier obtained in the new approach can serve as a comparative tool to evaluate the accuracy of different yield criteria.
7FF72937	Point-based algorithms are a class of approximate methods for Partially Observable Markov Decision Processes (POMDPs). They do backup operators on a belief set only. This paper will propose a preprocessing method for point-based algorithms (PPBA). This method preprocesses each sampled belief point, and before generating α-vectors it estimates which action and α-vectors to be selected first, in so doing repeated computing is eliminated. Base-α is also defined in this paper, which cancels meaningless computing with sparseness of problem
776258EF	Keywords:: artificial intelligence, artificial neural network, genetic algorithm, net present value, online adaptive artificial neural network, optimization, proxy model, reservoir simulation, surrogate model
81479695	This paper proposes a novel hybrid algorithm to determine the parameters (number of neurons, centers, widths and weights) of radial basis function neural networks automatically. In this work, a hybrid algorithm combines the multi-encoding genetic algorithm (MGA) and the back propagation (BP) algorithm to form a hybrid learning algorithm (MGA-BP) for training Radial Basis Function Networks (RBFNs), which adapts to the network structure and updates its weights by choosing a special fitness function. The proposed method is used to deal with non-linear identification problems, and the results obtained are compared with existent bibliography, showing an improvement over the published methods.
78E98478	The task of optimizing a complex system presents at least two levels of problems for the system designer. First, a class of optimization algorithms must be chosen that is suitable for application to the system. Second, various parameters of the optimization algorithm need to be tuned for efficiency. A class of adaptive search procedures called genetic algorithms (GA) has been used to optimize a wide variety of complex systems. GA's are applied to the second level task of identifying efficient GA's for a set of numerical optimization problems. The results are validated on an image registration problem. GA's are shown to be effective for both levels of the systems optimization problem.
804AEDD5	The role of technical specifications and maintenance (TSM) activities at nuclear power plants (NPP) aims to increase reliability, availability and maintainability (RAM) of Safety-Related Equipment, which, in turn, must yield to an improved level of plant safety. However, more resources (e.g. costs, task force, etc.) have to be assigned in above areas to achieve better scores in reliability, availability, maintainability and safety (RAMS). Current situation at NPP shows different programs implemented at the plant that aim to the improvement of particular TSM-related parameters where the decision-making process is based on the assessment of the impact of the change proposed on a subgroup of RAMS+C attributes.This paper briefly reviews the role of TSM and two main groups of improvement programs at NPP, which suggest the convenience of considering the approach proposed in this paper for the Integrated Multi-Criteria Decision-Making on changes to TSM-related parameters based on RAMS+C criteria as a whole, as it can be seem as a decision-making process more consistent with the role and synergic effects of TSM and the objectives and goals of current improvement programs at NPP. The case of application to the Emergency Diesel Generator system demonstrates the viability and significance of the proposed approach for the Multi-objective Optimization of TSM-related parameters using a Genetic Algorithm.
79E21140	When attempting to optimize the design of engineered systems, the analyst is frequently faced with the demand of achieving several targets (e.g. low costs, high revenues, high reliability, low accident risks), some of which may very well be in conflict. At the same time, several requirements (e.g. maximum allowable weight, volume etc.) should also be satisfied. This kind of problem is usually tackled by focusing the optimization on a single objective which may be a weighed combination of some of the targets of the design problem and imposing some constraints to satisfy the other targets and requirements. This approach, however, introduces a strong arbitrariness in the definition of the weights and constraints levels and a criticizable homogenization of physically different targets, usually all translated in monetary terms.The purpose of this paper is to present an approach to optimization in which every target is considered as a separate objective to be optimized. For an efficient search through the solution space we use a multiobjective genetic algorithm which allows us to identify a set of Pareto optimal solutions providing the decision maker with the complete spectrum of optimal solutions with respect to the various targets. Based on this information, the decision maker can select the best compromise among these objectives, without a priori introducing arbitrary weights.
7AD291F4	In this paper, a generalized variable-metric algorithm is presented. It is shown that this algorithm attains the minimum of a positive-definite, quadratic function in a finite number of steps and that thevariable-metric matrix tends to the inverse of the Hessian matrix. Most known variable-metric algorithms can be derived from this generalized algorithm, and some new algorithms are also obtained
77A98334	Dynamic Time Warping (DTW), is a simple but efficient technique for matching sequences with rigid deformation. Therefore, it is frequently used for matching shapes in general, and shapes of handwritten words in Document Image Analysis tasks. As DTW is computationally expensive, efficient algorithms for fast computation are crucial. Retrieving images from large scale datasets using DTW, suffers from the constraint of linear searching of all sample in the datasets. Fast approximation algorithms for image retrieval are mostly based on normed spaces where the triangle inequality holds, which is unfortunately not the case with the DTW metric. In this paper we present a novel approach for fast search of handwritten words within large datasets of shapes. The presented approach is based on the Boost-Map [1] algorithm, for embedding the feature space with the DTW measurement to an euclidean space and use the Local Sensitivity Hashing algorithm (LSH) to rank the k-nearest neighbors of a query image. The algorithm, first, processes and embeds objects of the large data sets to a normed space. Fast approximation of k-nearest neighbors using LSH on the embedding space, generates the top kranked samples which are examined using the real DTW distance to give final accurate results. We demonstrate our method on a database of 45; 800 images of word-parts extracted from the IFN/ENIT database [11] and images collected from 51 different writers. Our method achieves a speedup of 4 orders of magnitude over the exact method, at the cost of only a 2:2% reduction in accuracy.
805B30B0	In this paper, we describe brkgaAPI, an efficient and easy-to-use object-oriented application programming interface for the algorithmic framework of biased random-key genetic algorithms. Our cross-platform library automatically handles the large portion of problem-independent modules that are part of the framework, including population management and evolutionary dynamics, leaving to the user the task of implementing a problem-dependent procedure to convert a vector of random keys into a solution to the underlying optimization problem. Our implementation is written in the C++programming language and may benefit from shared-memory parallelism when available 
79A7DF84	In iterative non-linear least-squares fitting, the reliable estimation of initial parameters that lead to convergence to the global optimum can be difficult. Irrespective of the algorithm used, poor parameter estimates can lead to abortive divergence if initial guesses are far from the true values or in rare cases convergence to a local optimum. For determination of the parameters of complex reaction mechanisms, where often little is known about what value these parameters should take, the task of determining good initial estimates can be time consuming and unreliable. In this contribution, the methodology of applying a genetic algorithm (GA) to the task of determining initial parameter estimates that lie near the global optimum is explained. A generalised genetic algorithm was implemented according to the methodology and the results of its application are also given. The parameter estimates obtained were then used as the starting parameters for a gradient search method, which quickly converged to the global optimum. The genetic algorithm was successfully applied to both simulated kinetic measurements where the reaction mechanism contained one equilibrium constant and two rate constants to be fitted, and to kinetic measurements of the complexation of Cu2+ by 1,4,8,11-tetraazacyclotetradecane where two equilibrium and two rate constants were fitted. The implementation of the algorithm is such that it can be generally applied to any reaction mechanism that can be expressed by standard chemistry notation. The control parameters of the algorithm can be varied through a simple user interface to account for parameter range and the number of parameters involved.
7BA966A6	One of the main goals in transportation planning is to achieve solutions for two classical problems, the traffic assignment and toll pricing problems. The traffic assignment problem aims to minimize total travel delay among all travelers. Based on data derived from the first problem, the toll pricing problem determines the set of tolls and corresponding tariffs that would collectively benefit all travelers and would lead to a user equilibrium solution. Obtaining high-quality solutions for this framework is a challenge for large networks. In this paper, we propose an approach to solve the two problems jointly, making use of a biased random-key genetic algorithm for the optimization of transportation network performance by strategically allocating tolls on some of the links of the road network. Since a transportation network may have thousands of intersections and hundreds of road segments, our algorithm takes advantage of mechanisms for speeding up shortest-path algorithms.
7E71B409	Understanding the nature of data is the key to building good representations. In domains such as natural images, the data comes from very complex distributions which are hard to capture. Feature learning intends to discover or best approximate these underlying distributions and use their knowledge to weed out irrelevant information, preserving most of the relevant information. Feature learning can thus be seen as a form of dimensionality reduction. In this paper, we describe a feature learning scheme for natural images. We hypothesize that image patches do not all come from the same distribution, they lie in multiple non-linear subspaces. We propose a framework that uses K Restricted Boltzmann Machines (K-RBMs) to learn multiple non-linear subspaces in the raw image space. Projections of the image patches into these subspaces gives us features, which we use to build image representations. Our algorithm solves the coupled problem of finding the right non-linear subspaces in the input space and associating image patches with those subspaces in an iterative EM like algorithm to minimize the overall reconstruction error. Extensive empirical results over several popular image classification datasets show that representations based on our framework outperform the traditional feature representations such as the SIFT based Bag-of-Words (BoW) and convolutional deep belief networks.
7736D534	Nowadays the great ability of genetic algorithms (GA) to find solutions in complex optimization problems is known, where other methods used to give poor results. This has opened a wide range of application areas using GA and here we present a new approach aimed at the global and constrained optimization of surveillance and maintenance (S&M) of components based on risk and cost criteria. Also, a case study is performed using this approach which shows the benefits of the integration of S&M tasks of components based on optimized intervals. Moreover, this methodology is completely valid in solving other optimization problems with respect to risk and cost beyond the component level.
7FB9CBDA	This paper proposes a novel evolutionary algorithm that integrates Mind Evolutionary Computation (MEC) and non-uniform mutation. The algorithm greatly extends MEC to explore the tradeoff between exploration and exploitation for optimizing multimodal functions. Similartaxis mecha- nism drives the proposed algorithm to locate multiple local optima, while non-uniform method locates the global area cooperatively. Moreover, the 1/5 rule is adopted to guide the search direction based on information obtained from feed- back. The proposed algorithm is experimentally testified with a test suits containing six complex multimodal func- tion optimization problems. All experiments demonstrate that the proposed algorithm is competitive with other evo- lutionary algorithms published to date in both convergence velocity and solution quality.
76E129A8	To devise a multiobjective optimization (MOO) method for IMRT that would provide a decision maker with a small set of well-distributed Pareto optimal plans. A multiobjective genetic algorithm was used; the fitness function was evaluated by a deterministic algorithm that consisted of a quadratic (BOXCQP: box constrained quadratic programming) and a non-quadratic component. Each generation consisted of 10 individuals; the chromosome consisted of the OAR objective dose parameters. For the head and neck case studied, there were 6 objectives including maximum and mean dose objectives. For each individual, the deterministic algorithm was used to calculate beamlet intensities. OAR doses are variables in multiobjective GA and the target dose was fixed to 100%. The fitness function contained terms to minimize the difference between the OAR dose for adequate target coverage and the OAR dose goal and to minimize the dose goal for each OAR. Selection and breeding strategies were designed to provide a diverse population of individualsThe algorithm was set to terminate after 100 generations or after five successive generations of no change in fitness. We compared genotypic and phenotypic distance functions and found that the phenotype provided better distribution of final plans. The decision making component was a Bayesian network coupled with a Markov cohort simulation to compute quality adjusted life expectancy and to rank plans accordingly. A set of optimal plans were also generated by varying the weighting factors for a fixed set of parameters but the distribution of plans was not as good. Conclusion: A genetic algorithm was designed to provide a diverse set of Pareto optimal solutions to the multiobjective optimization problem of IMRT inverse planning. The dose parameters in dosimetric objective functions were the variables in the optimization. The algorithm provided a well-distributed set of plans for input to the Bayesian network.
784D4850	Starting from Part 1, Part 2 of this Tutorial presents a digested compilation of pragmatic concepts and commonly applied techniques concerning genetic algorithms. The aim of this treatise is to support the novice practitioner in choosing a representation, a configuration, and, possibly, a hybridization technique for the genetic algorithm applied to the problem of interest — hence, to contribute to a unifying conceptual framework of general importance for the application of genetic algorithms
7603A7B5	We address deceptiveness, one of at least four reasons genetic algorithms can fail to converge to function optima. We construct fully deceptive functions and other functions of intermediate deceptiveness. For the fully deceptive functions of our construction, we specify linear transformations that induce changes of representation to render the functions fully easy. We further model genetic algorithm selection and recombination as the interleaving of linear and quadratic operators. Spectral analysis of the underlying matrices allows us to draw preliminary conclusions about fixed points and their stability. We also obtain an explicit formula relating the nonuniform Walsh transform to the dynamics of genetic search.
78FF6AF0	This paper describes a methodology based on genetic algorithms (GA) and experiments plan to optimize the availability and the cost of reparable parallel-series systems. It is a NP-hard problem of multi-objective combinatorial optimization, modeled with continuous and discrete variables. By using the weighting technique, the problem is transformed into a single-objective optimization problem whose constraints are then relaxed by the exterior penalty technique. We then propose a search of solution through GA, whose parameters are adjusted using experiments plan technique. A numerical example is used to assess the method.
7BB98A23	This paper describes a biased random-key genetic algorithm for a real-world wireless backhaul network design problem. This is a novel problem, closely related to variants of the Steiner tree problem and the facility location problem. Given a parameter h, we want to build a forest where each tree has at most h hops from the demand nodes, where traffic originates, to the root nodes where each tree is rooted. Candidate Steiner nodes do not have any demand but represent locations where we can install cellsites to cover the traffic and equipment to backhaul the traffic to the cellular core network. Each Steiner node can cover demand nodes within a given distance, subject to a capacity constraint. The aggregate set of constraints may make it impossible to cover or backhaul all demands. A revenue function computes the revenue associated with the total amount of traffic covered and backhauled to the root nodes. The objective of the problem is to build a forest that maximizes the difference between the total revenue and the cost associated with the installed equipment. Although we will have a forest when we consider only the backhaul links and root nodes, the addition of demand vertices can induce undirected cycles, resulting in a directed acyclic graph. We consider instances of this problem with several additional constraints that are motivated by the requirements of real-world telecommunication networks.
76AE35C9	As a new network addressing and routing scheme, anycast has been defined as a standard communication model in IPv6. The multiple QoS constrained anycast routing problem is a nonlinear combination optimization problem, which is proved to be a NP complete problem. This paper studies anycast routing technology with multiple QoS constraints and proposes a multiple QoS anycast routing algorithm based adaptive genetic algorithm. This algorithm uses adaptive probabilities of crossover and mutation over and over again in simple genetic algorithm. Fitness scaling can guarantee the diversity of populations, which is beneficial to find global optimal solution. Simulation results show the efficiency of our algorithm. It can satisfy the constrained condition of multiple QoS, balance network load fairly, and improve the quality of network service.
771E04C4	Genetic algorithms are defined. Attention is directed to why they work: schemas and building blocks, implicit parallelism, and exponentially biased sampling of the better schema. Why they fail and how undesirable behavior can be overcome is discussed. Current genetic algorithm practice is summarized. Five successful applications are illustrated: image registration, AEGIS surveillance, network configuration, prisoner's dilemma, and gas pipeline control. Three classes of problems for which genetic algorithms are ill suited are illustrated: ordering problems, smooth optimization problems, and “totally indecomposable” problems
7D617148	Classifier systems are massively parallel, message-passing, rule-based systems that learn through credit assignment (the bucket brigade algorithm) and rule discovery (the genetic algorithm). They typically operate in environments that exhibit one or more of the following characteristics: (1) perpetually novel events accompanied by large amounts of noisy or irrelevant data; (2) continual, often real-time, requirements for action; (3) implicitly or inexactly defined goals; and (4) sparse payoff or reinforcement obtainable only through long action sequences. Classifier systems are designed to absorb new information continuously from such environments, devising sets of competing hypotheses (expressed as rules) without disturbing significantly capabilities already acquired. This paper reviews the definition, theory, and extant applications of classifier systems, comparing them with other machine learning techniques, and closing with a discussion of advantages, problems, and possible extensions of classifier systems.
806FC3B2	Natural evolution is a population-based optimization process. Simulating this process on a computer results in stochastic optimization techniques that can often outperform classical methods of optimization when applied to difficult real-world problems. There are currently three main avenues of research in simulated evolution: genetic algorithms, evolution strategies, and evolutionary programming. Each method emphasizes a different facet of natural evolution. Genetic algorithms stress chromosomal operators. Evolution strategies emphasize behavioral changes at the level of the individual. Evolutionary programming stresses behavioral change at the level of the species. The development of each of these procedures over the past 35 years is described. Some recent efforts in these areas are reviewed.
768B59FD	In this paper, a simple and practicable algorithm for optimization of membership function (MF) is proposed. As it is known that MF is very important in the fuzzy control. Unfortunately, to find, especially to optimize MF is always rather complex even difficult. So, to study and develop an effectual aglorithm for MF optimization is a good topic. Allow for the inner advantages of genetic algorithm (GA), it is adopted in the algorithm. The principle and executive procedure are first presented. Then it is applied in the fuzzy control system of a typical plant. Results of real-time run show that the control strategy is encouraging, and the developed algorithm is practicable.
8163BB31	The use of genetic algorithms has been growing exponentially since Holland published the first papers about them. Thanks to the extraordinary increase in calculation power, nowadays it is possible to apply them to extremely complex problems. A considerable number of papers in which genetic algorithms have been applied have been published in several scientifical journals. This review is of course far from being a complete summary of the application of genetic algorithms to chemical problems; its goal is to show the reader the main fields of application of this technique, together with providing a list of references on the subject
7C7ED8B4	Genetic algorithms (GAs) are a tool used to solve high-complexity computational problems. Apart from modelling the phenomena occurring in Nature, they help in optimization, simulation, modelling, design and prediction purposes in science, medicine, technology, and everyday life. They can be adapted to the given task, be joined with other ones (this leads to combined or hybrid methods), and can work in parallel on many processors. The uses of GAs reported in literature represent a wide variety of approaches and led to solving of numerous computational problems of high complexity. In materials science and related fields of science and technology the GAs open possibilities for materials design, studies of their properties, or production at industrial scale. Here, the recent use of GAs in various domains connected to materials science, solid state physics and chemistry, crystallography, biology, and engineering is reviewed. The listed examples taken from recent literature show how broad the use of these methods is. Emphasis on description of particular results is put in order to direct the reader's attention to valuable new applications as well as interesting or promising ways of solving specific tasks. Trends in method development and application-field extensions as well as some possible future implications are briefly discussed.
75D3A5F4	A hybrid Multi-Objective Optimization Algorithm based on the NSGA-II algorithm is presented and evaluated. The local optimization algorithm called SASS has been modified in order to be suitable for multi-objective optimization where the local optimization is intended towards non-dominated points. The modified local optimization algorithm has been incorporated into NSGA-II in order to improve performance.
767ECDB5	A data base was put together for the mechanical properties of microalloyed steels, which contained about 800 entries for ultimate tensile strength (UTS), yield strength (YS), and elongation. Using an evolutionary neural network, based upon a predator–prey genetic algorithms of bi-objective type, this information was used to construct data-driven models for UTS, YS, and elongation. The optimum Pareto tradeoffs between these properties were obtained using a multi-objective genetic algorithm. The results led to some hitherto unexplored steel compositions with optimum properties. Some such steels were actually cast and the experimentally observed property values were found to be well in accord with the predicted results.
75557614	Multi-objective formulations are realistic models for many complex engineering optimization problems. In many real-life problems, objectives under consideration conflict with each other, and optimizing a particular solution with respect to a single objective can result in unacceptable results with respect to the other objectives. A reasonable solution to a multi-objective problem is to investigate a set of solutions, each of which satisfies the objectives at an acceptable level without being dominated by any other solution. In this paper, an overview and tutorial is presented describing genetic algorithms (GA) developed specifically for problems with multiple objectives. They differ primarily from traditional GA by using specialized fitness functions and introducing methods to promote solution diversity.
7E31CE09	Although Genetic Algorithms (GAs) and Multi-Objective Genetic Algorithms (MOGAs) have been widely used in engineering design optimization, the important challenge still faced by researchers in using these methods is their high computational cost due to the population-based nature of these methods. For these problems it is important to devise MOGAs that can significantly reduce the number of simulation calls compared to a conventional MOGA. An improved kriging-assisted MOGA, called Circled Kriging MOGA (CK-MOGA), is presented in this paper, in which kriging metamodels are embedded within the computation procedure of a traditional MOGA. In the proposed approach, the decision as to whether the original simulation or its kriging metamodel should be used for evaluating an individual is based on a new and advanced objective switch criterion and an adaptive metamodeling technique. The effect of the possible estimated error from the metamodel is mitigated by applying the new switch criterion. Five numerical and engineering examples with different degrees of difficulty are used to illustrate applicability of the proposed approach, with the verification using different quality measures. The results show that, on the average, CK-MOGA outperforms both a conventional MOGA and a previously developed Kriging MOGA in terms of the number of simulation calls.
7FD51D08	There are two extremes in optimization with little ground between them. They are local optimization and global optimization. Local optimization is normally very fast, but the optimum it finds may be far from the best (global) optimum. Global optimization is very slow, but it gives the best optimum- at least in principle. Using mammal herds as rough models, we suggest a new evolutionary method that has aspects of both and achieves intermediate results most of the time: faster-than-global convergence with better-than- local performance
815DCEA4	As unique nonlinear components of most block ciphers, S-boxes provide the most important confusion effect. How to design secure S-boxes is a key problem in the design of block ciphers. There have existed many methods to design S-boxes, among which the method with genetic algorithms has attracted much interest in recent years. In this paper, an effective genetic algorithm is provided for the current pop- ular self-inverse S-boxes, which consists of fitness function, breeding function, selection function and mutation function. Under the given algorithm, a large number of good self- inverse S-boxes can be obtained.
7526716D	In this study two catalyst library optimization methods, the Holographic Research Strategy (HRS) and the Genetic Algorithm (GA) were compared based on their ability to find the optimum compositions in a given multi-dimensional experimental space. Results obtained in three different case studies were used to investigate both the rate and the certainty of the optimum search. In these case studies the activity–composition relationships were established using Artificial Neural Networks (ANNs) trained with catalytic data published earlier. The above relationships were used in “virtual optimization experiments” using both HRS and GA for catalyst library optimization. Upon using the stochastic GA its exceedingly divers mode of sampling often resulted in poor catalytic materials in the next catalyst generation. This fact resulted in a decreased rate of convergence to the optimum. In contrast, in HRS, which is a deterministic optimization algorithm, a moderate level of diversity in the catalyst library can easily be achieved. In this way an acceptable rate in optimum search can be accomplished. The visualization ability of HRS allows the illustration of all virtually tested compositions in a two-dimensional form regardless the optimization algorithm used. Upon using HRS a structured arrangement of experimental points in the virtual holograms was observed. However, when GA was applied for virtual optimization “starry sky”-like arrangement of compositions in the virtual holograms was obtained. Therefore based on virtual holograms, upon using HRS the relationship between the composition of catalytic materials and their performance can be qualitatively revealed, while no similar correlation can be obtained using GA.
75A992E0	In this paper we address the problem of picking a subset of bids in a general combinatorial auction so as to maximize the overall profit using the first-price model. This winner determination problem assumes that a single bidding round is held to determine both the winners and prices to be paid. We introduce six variants of biased random-key genetic algorithms for this problem. Three of them use a novel initialization technique that makes use of solutions of intermediate linear programming relaxations of an exact mixed integer linear programming model as initial chromosomes of the population. An experimental evaluation compares the effectiveness of the proposed algorithms with the standard mixed linear integer programming formulation, a specialized exact algorithm, and the best-performing heuristics proposed for this problem. The proposed algorithms are competitive and offer strong results, mainly for large-scale auctions.
7B8BCD07	In recent years, search and optimisation algorithms inspired by evolutionary processes have been applied with marked success to a wide variety of problems in diverse fields of study. In this review, we survey the growing application of these ‘evolutionary algorithms’ in one such area: computer-aided molecular design. In the course of the review, we seek to summarise the work to date and to indicate where evolutionary algorithms have met with success and where they have not fared so well. In addition to this, we also attempt to discern some future trends in both the basic research concerning these algorithms and their application to the elucidation, design and modelling of chemical and biochemical structures.
808AC5BF	MLF (Machine Learning Framework) is a tool for data mining developed at Software Competence Center Hagenberg, Austria. MLF is a library of algorithms and cannot be used as a standalone program and it uses Mathematica/spl reg/ as a front-end. In this paper, we present a possibility of using Microsoft Excel as a front-end for MLF. The benefits of choosing Microsoft Excel are also presented.
24218884	New technologies applied in domotic allow us to extract plenty of data about the usual behavior of occupants in any installation. Discipline that works with these data for the pursuit of new knowledge is called Metadomotic.To achieve this learning and relationships between different data, we make use of the tools provided by artificial intelligence. Today the use of these techniques in solving problems is fully extended. Among the best known we will focus on the application of genetic algorithms, technical halfway between biology and mathematics, to try to resolve the issues raised in this paper.
791959EA	Starting from Part I, Part II of this paper globally describes the toolbox GATES, elucidating how concepts of genetic algorithm methodology can be implemented for application. The prototype for numerical parameter estimation is treated in most detail. Additionally, an auxiliary utility for configuration, based on explorative walks in the search space, is outlined.
7451C92B	The pheromone trail metaphor is a simple and effective way to accumulate the experience of the past solutions in solving discrete optimization problems. Ant-based optimization algorithms have been successfully employed to solve hard optimization problems. The problem of achieving an optimal utilization of a hybrid genetic algorithm search time is actually a problem of finding its optimal set of control parameters. In this paper, a novel form of hybridization between an ant-based algorithm and a genetic-local hybrid algorithm is proposed. An ant colony optimization algorithm is used to monitor the behavior of a genetic-local hybrid algorithm and dynamically adjust its control parameters to optimize the exploitation-exploration balance according to the fitness landscape.
7978C166	We proposed a method which can solve the low speech recognition rate problem under noisy environment. in our system, the method is GAS-based Speech Recognition using Two Dimensional cepstrum. Two dimensional cepstrum (TDC) can simultaneously represent several kinds of information contained in the speech waveform: static and dynamic features, as well as global and fine frequency structures. from analysis, an utterance only some TDC coefficients will be selected to form a feature vector. Hence, it has the advantages of soft computation and less storage space. However, it is quite sensitive to background noise. in order to solve this problem, we propose the GAS-based M-TDC method in our system to improve the performance of TDC under noisy condition. from the experiments with five noise types, we found that the GAS-based M-TDC have better recognition results than the TDC under the noisy environments.
7541CB5B	Data driven models were constructed for the Cu―Zn separation process using Di (2-ethyl hexyl) phosphoric acid (D2EHPA) as the mobile carrier in a supported liquid membrane. The modeling strategy involved using an Evolutionary Neural Network that used Multi-objective Genetic Algorithms to configure its weights and topology. The model predictions served as the objectives for subsequent bi-objective optimization tasks involving (i) maximization of Zn, along with minimization of Cu and also (ii) maximization of Cu, along with minimization of Zn, all in the strip side after some fixed periods of extraction. The analyses of the results led to the most suitable conditions for optimum separation of Cu and Zn. A Multi-objective Genetic Algorithm was used for the optimization task. Similar analyses were also performed using the commercial software modeFRONTIER and the results were compared and contrasted.
80062A92	Formability of a tailor welded blank (TWB) is affected by the strength ratio of the base metals joined. In this paper, formability of TWB with very high strength ratio made by joining twinning-induced plasticity (TWIP) and low carbon steels is numerically studied using a limiting dome height test. The drawbead geometry at the weaker side is modified to increase the dome height. The design of drawbead is optimized by treating it as a multi-objective problem with maximum dome height and minimum weldline movement as objectives, which were constructed as metamodels through a genetic algorithms based approach. The necessary data for the metamodeling are generated by finite element (FE) simulation using the commercial solver, LS-DYNA. The multi-objective optimization is carried out using a predator–prey genetic algorithm. The Pareto front estimated using this evolutionary approach is validated using FE simulations and a good correlation is obtained.
76F366A0	In rule discovery systems, learning often proceeds by first assessing the quality of the system's current rules and then modifying rules based on that assessment. This paper addresses the credit assignment problem that arises when long sequences of rules fire between successive external rewards. The focus is on the kinds of rule assessment schemes which have been proposed for rule discovery systems that use genetic algorithms as the primary rule modification strategy. Two distinct approaches to rule learning with genetic algorithms have been previously reported, each approach offering a useful solution to a different level of the credit assignment problem. We describe a system, called RUDI, that exploits both approaches. We present analytic and experimental results that support the hypothesis that multiple levels of credit assignment can improve the performance of rule learning systems based on genetic algorithms.
5AB66849	In GAs applied to engineering problems (in our case, the optimisation of logic circuits) the fitness function is usually complex and the fitness evaluation is time consuming. The run time is therefore a major consideration when designing a GA for optimisation, thus a look-up table for fitness evaluation is desirable. As a consequence, it is appropriate to limit the number of different chromosome fitness evaluations that any particular run of the GA will be allowed to examine. In this situation the user is uninterested in the number of generations required. It is necessary in this approach to guarantee the users that they will be able to find a good and reliable problem solution within the limited number of evaluations, and hence time available. We refer to this type of GA as a restricted evaluation GA. In this paper we suggest a number of hybrid algorithms which combine a GA with a neighbourhood search (TABU) technique to provide this performance and reliability. The effectiveness of each of these methods is compared and contrasted, and underlying principles are suggested as to why these techniques might prove to be useful in these types of problem.
67A9CE1A	This paper presents a heuristic-search algorithm called Memory-bounded Anytime Window A*(MAWA*), which is complete, anytime, and memory bounded. MAWA* uses the window-bounded anytime-search methodology of AWA* as the basic framework and combines it with the memory-bounded A* -like approach to handle restricted memory situations. Simple and efficient versions of MAWA* targeted for tree search have also been presented. Experimental results of the sliding-tile puzzle problem and the traveling-salesman problem show the significant advantages of the proposed algorithm over existing methods.
790B5DF8	Data-driven models were constructed for the Productivity, CO2 emission, and Si content for an operational Blast furnace using evolutionary approaches that involved two recent strategies based upon bi-objective genetic Programming and neural nets evolving through Genetic Algorithms. The models were utilized to compute the optimum tradeoff between the level of CO2 emission and productivity at different Si levels, using a Predator–Prey Genetic Algorithm, well tested for computing the Pareto-optimality. The results were pitted against some similar calculations performed with commercial softwares and also compared with the results of thermodynamics-based analytical models.
7D964556	The paper presents possible parallelization of the optimization process of complex lighting systems with the use of the genetic algorithm. The features of modern personal computers and the tools enabling distribution of the computation process among multi-core processors are depicted. The duration of a test task computed on the machines provided with the Intel processors of P4, i5 and i7 types with the use of the tools available in the .NET environment has been investigated.