7F30E423		After the successful Coastal Zone Color Scanner (CZCS, 1978-1986) demonstration that quantitative estimations of geophysical variables such as chlorophyll a and diffuse attenuation coefficient could be derived from top of the atmosphere radiances, a number of international missions with ocean color capabilities were launched beginning in the late 1990s. Most notable were those with global data acquisition capabilities, i.e., the Ocean Color and Temperature Sensor (OCTS,Japan, 1996-1997), the Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS, United States, 1997-present), two Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometers (MODIS, United States, Terra/2000-present and Aqua/2002-present), the Global Imager (GLI, Japan, 2002-2003), and the Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MERIS, European Space Agency, 2002-present). These missions have provided data of exceptional quality and continuity, allowing for scientific inquiries into a wide variety of marine research topics not possible with the CZCS. This review focuses on the scientific advances made over the past decade using these data sets. 
80ED9B8B	The useful field of view is defined as the visual area in which information can be acquired within one eye fixation. We studied visual search within this context and found a reduction in the size of the field as a function of age. This loss, however, was recovered partially with practice. Standard acuity and perimetric tests of visual field, although diagnostic of disease, underestimate the degree of difficulty experienced by visually healthy older adults in everyday activities requiring the use of peripheral vision. To aid in predicting such performance, a model incorporating the effects of distractors and secondary task demands was developed.
75C4D7F6	The tracking robustness can be improved greatly using multi-camera system because the overlapping field of view provides more information of the objects. However, traditional template matching based multi-camera object tracking suffers from the tracking errors brought by view point differences. To solve the problem, we propose the extended online HECOL (Homography and Epipolar-based Consistent Labeling) to communicate templates between different camera views which is no longer limited to the ground plane. We use the Structural Similarity Image Measurement (SSIM) as the criteria to match between different views. Besides, we applied the Gaussian model and Bayesian statistics to fuse different cameras' tracking results of last moment. Experiments show that the proposed way of transferring different view points' template reduces tracking error when occlusion and 3D rotation occur.
7BA72C66	Tracking people in a dense crowd is a challenging problem for a single camera tracker due to occlusions and extensive motion that make human segmentation difficult. In this paper we suggest a method for simultaneously tracking all the people in a densely crowded scene using a set of cameras with overlapping fields of view. To overcome occlusions, the cameras are placed at a high elevation and only people’s heads are tracked. Head detection is still difficult since each foreground region may consist of multiple subjects. By combining data from several views, height information is extracted and used for head segmentation. The head tops, which are regarded as 2D patches at various heights, are detected by applying intensity correlation to aligned frames from the different cameras. The detected head tops are then tracked using common assumptions on motion direction and velocity. The method was tested on sequences in indoor and outdoor environments under challenging illumination conditions. It was successful in tracking up to 21 people walking in a small area (2.5 people per m2), in spite of severe and persistent occlusions.
7DDAC5E8	We propose to explore a novel tracking system for human tracking in thermal catadioptric omnidirectional (TCO) vision, which is able to realize the surveillance in all-weather and wide field of view conditions. In contrast, previous human tracking system mainly focuses on tracking in conventional imaging system. In this paper, the proposed tracking method adopts the classification posterior probability of Support Vector Machine (SVM) to relate the observation likelihood of particle filter for efficient tracking. However, previous works only employ the final output label of SVM for classification. Due to no existing TCO vision dataset available in public, we establish a dataset including TCO videos and extracted human samples to train the classifier and test the proposed tracking method. Moreover, we adjust tracking window distribution of particle filter to fit the characteristic of catadioptric omnidirectional vision which is the size of target in omni-image depends on the distance between target image and the center of catadioptric omnidirectional image. Finally, the experimental results show that our proposed tracking method has a stable and good performance in TCO vision tracking system.
76808EEA	Detection and tracking of moving objects is important in the analysis of video data. One approach is to main tain a background model of the scene and subtract it from each frame to detect the moving objects which can then be tracked using Kalman or particle filters. In this paper, we consider simple techniques based on salient points to identify moving objects which are tracked using motion correspondence. We focus on video with a large field of view, such as a tra±c intersection with several buildings nearby. Such scenes can contain several salient points, not all of which move between frames. Using public domain video and two types of salient points, we consider how to make these techniques computationally efficient for detection and tracking. Our early results indicate that salient regions obtained using the Lowe keypoints algorithm and the Scale-Saliency algorithm can be used successfully to track vehicles in moderate resolution video.
80B4C7AA	We examined the physical, visual, health, and cognitive abilities of 1,656 older adults as prospective predictors of self-reported driving cessation over a 5-year period. We examined the time to driving cessation across 5 years after we controlled for days driven per week at baseline and any cognitive intervention participation. Older age, congestive heart failure, and poorer physical performance (according to the Turn 360 Test) were statistically significant risk factors for driving cessation. Slower speed of processing (according to the Digit Symbol Substitution and Useful Field of View tests) was a significant risk factor even after we took baseline driving, age, health, vision, and physical performance into consideration. Implications are that assessments of cognitive speed of processing can provide valuable information about the subsequent risk of driving cessation
80F70C36	The study presents and discusses the application of in situ data from the ocean color component of the Aerosol Robotic Network (AERONET-OC) to assess primary remote sensing products from the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on the AQUA platform and from the Sea-viewing Wide-Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) on the OrbView-2 spacecraft. Three AERONET-OC European coastal sites exhibiting different atmospheric and marine optical properties were considered for the study: the Acqua Alta Oceanographic Tower (AAOT) in the northern Adriatic Sea representing Case-1 and Case-2 moderately sediment dominated waters; and, the Gustaf Dalen Lighthouse Tower (GDLT) in the northern Baltic Proper and the Helsinki Lighthouse Tower (HLT) in the Gulf of Finland, both characterized by Case-2 waters dominated by colored dissolved organic matter (CDOM). The analysis of MODIS derived normalized water-leaving radiance at 551 nm, LWN(551), has shown relatively good results for all sites with uncertainties of the order of 10% and biases ranging from − 1 to − 4%. Larger uncertainty and bias have been observed at 443 nm for the AAOT (i.e., 18 and − 7%, respectively). At the same center wavelength, results for GDLT and HLT have exhibited much larger uncertainties (i.e., 56 and 67%, respectively) and biases (i.e., 18 and 25%, respectively), which undermine the possibility of presently using remote sensing LWN data at the blue center wavelengths for bio-optical investigations in the Baltic Sea. An evaluation of satellite derived aerosol optical thickness, τa, has shown uncertainties and biases of the order of tens of percent increasing with wavelength at all sites. Specifically, MODIS derived τa at 869 nm has shown an overestimate of 71% at the AAOT, 101% at GDLT and 91% at HLT, respectively. This result highlights the effects of a limited number of aerosol models for the atmospheric correction process, and might also indicate the need of applying a vicarious calibration factor to the remote sensing data at the 869 nm center wavelength to remove the effects of uncertainties in the atmospheric optical model and the space sensor radiometric calibration. Similar results have been obtained from the analysis of SeaWiFS data. Finally, in view of illustrating the possibility of increasing the accuracy of satellite regional radiometric products, AERONET-OC data have been applied to reduce systematic errors in MODIS and Medium Resolution Imaging Spectrometer (MERIS) LWN data likely due to the atmospheric correction process. Results relying on MODIS match-ups for the Baltic Sites (i.e., GDLT and HLT) and MERIS matchups for the AAOT, have indicated a substantial reduction of both uncertainty and bias in the blue and red center wavelengths.
5CCA77EC	Many older adults eventually experience difficulty in everyday visual activities, prompting them to consult with an eye care specialist. In some cases, a thorough examination may reveal no clinical basis for these difficulties. New techniques for evaluating age-related declines in visual function have substantiated the existence of deficits in visual attention that are not adequately captured by standard clinical measures, and which are predictive of real world problems in driving and mobility. These new techniques may serve an important function in guiding the diagnosis, and treatment of those older adults experiencing functional visual problems. 
6D7C592C	Techniques for synthesizing panoramic scenes are widespread. Such a scene can be automatically created from multiple displaced images by aligning and overlapping them using an image registration technique. The ability to generate panoramic scenes has many applications including the generation of virtual reality backgrounds, model-based video compression, and object recognition. These techniques--and consequently their associated applications share the restriction that all scenes are limited to a 360 degree view of the horizontal plane at the particular moment in time the images were taken.Until recently, there has been little motivation to develop techniques for the presentation of complete spherical views in real time---scenes that present the entire potential visible fields of view, through time. With the advent of space exploration and associated micro-gravity environments, “up” and “down” are relative terms and locally fixed points of reference are difficult to come by. It may be useful to rethink how video is captured and presented to a user working in such an environment employing extended notions of what a panorama is.The Panoramic Spherical Video (PSV) system described in this paper allows a user to view and pan through arbitrary angles of view including elevation and declination as well as providing the view in real time from an array of 16 synchronized CCD video cameras whose video output are selectively “stitched” together to provide a smooth transition between camera fields of view. In this way, the user can smoothly pan through all the fields of view that are generated by the system. All video processing is done in software--there are no moving parts.
7F25FE7B	Concentrations of the phytoplankton pigment chlorophyll-a (Ca) provide indicators of nutrient over-enrichment that has negatively affected Chesapeake Bay, U.S.A. Ca time-series from the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA) Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer aboard the Aqua spacecraft (MODIS-Aqua) provide observations on temporal and spatial scales that far exceed current field and aircraft sampling strategies. These sensors provide consistent, frequent, and high density data to potentially complement ongoing Bay monitoring activities. We used the in situ Water Quality Monitoring Data set of the Chesapeake Bay Program to evaluate decade-long time-series of SeaWiFS and MODIS-Aqua Ca retrievals in the Bay. The accuracy of the retrievals generally degraded with increasing latitude as the optical complexity increases northward. Ca derived using empirical (“band ratio”) algorithms overestimated in situ measurements by 10–50 and 40–100% for SeaWiFS and MODIS-Aqua, respectively, but with limited variability. Ca derived using spectral-matching algorithms showed less bias for both sensors, but with significant variability and sensitivity to radiometric errors. Regionally-tuned empirical algorithms performed best throughout the Bay, offering a combination of reasonable accuracy and high spatial coverage. The radiometric spectral resolution used as input to the algorithms strongly influenced the quality of Ca retrievals from both sensors. These results establish a baseline quantification of algorithm and sensor performance in a variable and stressed ecosystem against which novel approaches might be compared.
76B9BCC7	Multi-frame blind deconvolution (MFBD) has been shown to be useful for overcoming the blurring effects of turbulence- and instrument-induced aberrations in ground-based imaging of satellites. In this scenario, the object has a finite extent that is often entirely contained within the sensor field-of-view. We report on the generalization of MFBD to accommodate objects that extend beyond the field of view, as would be encountered, for example, in solar and planetary astronomy or in down-looking scenarios. We simulate both down-looking and up-looking scenarios, and vary parameters such as the level of scene illumination and the number of data realizations included. In the simulations, MFBD performance is evaluated by comparing results to the true scenes as well as to reconstructions using more established Phase-Diverse Speckle techniques. Using real data, MFBD reconstructions of solar-granulation scenes are validated by comparison with well-accepted PDS results.
78EAEBBA	The James Webb Space Telescope will provide a unique capability to observe Solar System objects such as Kuiper Belt Objects, comets, asteroids, and the outer planets and their moons in the near and mid-infrared. A recent study developed the conceptual design for a capability to track and observe these objects. In this paper, we describe how the requirements and operations concept were derived from the scientific goals and were distributed among the Observatory and Ground Segment components in order to remain consistent with the current event-driven operations concept of JWST. In the event-driven operations concept, the Ground Segment produces a high-level Observation Plan that is interpreted by on-board scripts to generate commands and monitor telemetry responses. This approach allows efficient and flexible execution of planned observations; precise or conservative timing models are not required, and observations may be skipped if guide star or target acquisition fails. The efficiency of this approach depends upon most observations having large time intervals in which they can execute. Solar System objects require a specification of how to track the object with the Observatory, and a guide star that remains within the field of view of the guider during the observation. We describe how tracking and guiding will be handled with JWST to retain the efficient and flexible execution characteristics of event-driven operations. We also describe how the implementation is distributed between the Spacecraft, Fine Guidance Sensor, On-board Scripts, and Proposal Planning Subsystem, preserving the JWST operations concept.
7E2A9B42	The Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) Project Office was formally initiated at the NASA Goddard Space Flight Center in 1990. Seven years later, the sensor was launched by Orbital Sciences Corporation under a data-buy contract to provide 5 years of science quality data for global ocean biogeochemistry research. To date, the SeaWiFS program has greatly exceeded the mission goals established over a decade ago in terms of data quality, data accessibility and usability, ocean community infrastructure development, cost efficiency, and community service. The SeaWiFS Project Office and its collaborators in the scientific community have made substantial contributions in the areas of satellite calibration, product validation, near-real time data access, field data collection, protocol development, in situ instrumentation technology, operational data system development, and desktop level-0 to level-3 processing software. One important aspect of the SeaWiFS program is the high level of science community cooperation and participation. This article summarizes the key activities and approaches the SeaWiFS Project Office pursued to define, achieve, and maintain the mission objectives. These achievements have enabled the user community to publish a large and growing volume of research such as those contributed to this special volume of Deep-Sea Research. Finally, some examples of major geophysical events (oceanic, atmospheric, and terrestrial) captured by SeaWiFS are presented to demonstrate the versatility of the sensor.
78D67CD8	Launched in late 2011, the Visible Infrared Imaging Radiometer Suite (VIIRS) aboard the Suomi National Polar-orbiting Partnership (NPP) spacecraft is being evaluated by NASA to determine whether this sensor can continue the ocean color data record established through the Sea-Viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) and the MODerate resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS). To this end, Goddard Space Flight Center generated evaluation ocean color data products using calibration techniques and algorithms established by NASA during the SeaWiFS and MODIS missions. The calibration trending was subjected to some initial sensitivity and uncertainty analyses. Here we present an introductory assessment of how the NASA-produced time series of ocean color is influenced by uncertainty in trending instrument response over time. The results help quantify the uncertainty in measuring regional and global biospheric trends in the ocean using satellite remote sensing, which better define the roles of such records in climate research.
7C7E8341	The validation of satellite ocean color data products is a critical component in establishing their measurement uncertainties, assessing their scientific utility, and identifying conditions for which their reliability is suspect. Such efforts require a considerable amount of high quality in situ data, preferably consistently processed and spanning the satellite mission lifetime. This paper outlines the NASA Ocean Biology Processing Group's (OBPG) method for validating satellite data products using in situ measurements as ground truth. Currently, the OBPG uses the described method for validating several historical and operational ocean color missions. By way of a case study, results for the Sea-Viewing Wide Field-of-View Sensor (SeaWiFS) are shown. These results indicate that for the majority of the global ocean, SeaWiFS data approach the target uncertainties of ± 5% for clear water radiances as defined prior to launch. Our results add confidence in the use of these data for global climate studies, where a consistent, high quality data set covering a multi-year time span is essential.
5AB6C499	The ambiguous relationship between photography and architecture is one of constructed and re-constructed identity. As an exploration into this relationship, this article considers the construct of point-of-vew/field-of-view maps (or POV/FOV maps), diagrams which register photographers’ positions, fields of view, and directions of view corresponding to photographs of an existing work of architecture. A POV/FOV map can be expected to differ according to whether the photographs under consideration are (a) sampled from an image-sharing site; (b) published in a monograph; or (c) published in the popular press. This article tests the extent and significance of these differences through a study of Mies van der Rohe's Crown Hall and Rem Koolhaas's McCormick Tribune Campus Center, both at the Illinois Institute of Technology in Chicago, USA. In both cases, POV/FOV maps are used to compare sets of professional or academic photographs to sets of touristic and popular-press ones. Reflecting the tenuous nature of architectural identity, the comparison both confirms and denies assumptions concerning differences between professional and amateur photographic practices. The article concludes with the speculation that tools like Google Street View are likely to further erode distinctions between modes of identity-construction, in particular, those distinctions which a POV/FOV map can register.
79C37979	 Motor vehicle crash risk in older drivers has been associated with visual acuity loss, but only weakly so, suggesting other factors contribute. The useful field of view is a measure that reflects decline in visual sensory function, slowed visual processing speed, and impaired visual attention skills.To identify whether measures of visual processing ability, including the useful field of view test, are associated with crash involvement by older drivers.Ophthalmology clinic assessment of community-based sample.A total of 294 drivers aged 55 to 87 yeas at enrollment.Motor vehicle crash occurrence. Older drivers with a 40% or greater impairment in the useful field of view were 2.2 times (95% confidence interval, 1.2-4.1) more likely to incur a crash during 3 years of follow-up, after adjusting for age, sex, race, chronic medical conditions, mental status, and days driven per week. This association was primarily mediated by difficulty in dividing attention under brief target durations.Reduction in the useful field of view increases crash risk in older drivers. Given the relatively high prevalence of visual processing impairment among the elderly, visual dysfunction and eye disease deserve further examination as causes of motor vehicle crashes and injury.
78F28AC4	In this paper we propose a virtual office environment that integrates natural communication and secure private space. The features of this system are the following. (1) This system has a virtual shared room based on the idea of “shared room metaphor” and 3D graphics on an SGI workstation is used for this system. It uses Ethernet media (i.e. real-time audio/video streams). (2) This system implements the field of view of a human by using our “around view” technique. This provides more natural communication between members. (3) “Sound effects” are used to help users feel the presence of other members. For instance, members hear the sound of a door opening when someone logs into our system and the sound of footsteps when someone is walking around our virtual room. (4) At times our system limits the flow of awareness information. A person concentrating on his/her work may not want to perceive excessive awareness of others. To support such situation, we define “awareness space” which restricts the field where other members' awareness is transmitted. Awareness space changes in size with the degree of concentration which is measured through two factors: the movement of a chair and the frequency of keyboard typing. (5) “Headphone metaphor”. A picture of a headphone is attached above a person's image and changes color depending on the degree of concentration. This enables other members to recognize his/her state and can be a criterion as to whether he/she is available to communicate or not. (6) In the virtual space, users are represented as avatars built of 3D polygons and still pictures. The avatars change shape automatically according to the users' action.
76001758	Although not commonly used, correlation filters can track complex objects through rotations, occlusions and other distractions at over 20 times the rate of current state-of-the-art techniques. The oldest and simplest correlation filters use simple templates and generally fail when applied to tracking. More modern approaches such as ASEF and UMACE perform better, but their training needs are poorly suited to tracking. Visual tracking requires robust filters to be trained from a single frame and dynamically adapted as the appearance of the target object changes. This paper presents a new type of correlation filter, a Minimum Output Sum of Squared Error (MOSSE) filter, which produces stable correlation filters when initialized using a single frame. A tracker based upon MOSSE filters is robust to variations in lighting, scale, pose, and nonrigid deformations while operating at 669 frames per second. Occlusion is detected based upon the peak-to-sidelobe ratio, which enables the tracker to pause and resume where it left off when the object reappears.
7D01A6C6	Ocean color satellites provide a mechanism for studying the marine biosphere on temporal and spatial scales otherwise unattainable via conventional in situ sampling methods. These satellites measure visible and infrared radiances, which are used to estimate additional geophysical data products, such as the concentration of the phytoplankton pigment chlorophyll a, Ca, via the application of secondary bio-optical algorithms. The operational Ca algorithms for the Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS), for example, perform well in the global open ocean, but often degrade in more optically complex coastal environments where global parameterizations are less applicable. Organizations such as the Chesapeake Bay Program, which have interest in using SeaWiFS and MODIS data products to facilitate regional monitoring activities, must rely on locally parameterized algorithms to achieve requisite accuracies. To facilitate algorithm selection, the NASA Ocean Biology Processing Group recently developed the infrastructure to spatially and temporally evaluate a long-term regional time-series of satellite observations using in situ measurements as ground-truth. Here, we present this approach using a case study in the Chesapeake Bay, where a series of Ca algorithms and atmospheric correction schemes were evaluated for the full SeaWiFS and MODIS-Aqua time-series. We demonstrate how the selection of the best algorithms and processing approaches is driven by trade-offs in coverage needs and relative accuracy requirements. While our case study highlights Ca in the Chesapeake Bay, our methodology is applicable to any geophysical data product and region of interest.
5BCB6850	To identify visual factors that are significantly associated with increased vehicle crashes in older drivers.Several aspects of vision and visual information processing were assessed in 294 drivers aged 55 to 90 years. The sample was stratified with respect to age and crash frequency during the 5-year period before the test date. Variables assessed included eye health status, visual sensory function, the size of the useful field of view, and cognitive status. Crash data were obtained from state records.The size of the useful field of view, a test of visual attention, had high sensitivity (89%) and specificity (81%) in predicting which older drivers had a history of crash problems. This level of predictability is unprecedented in research on crash risk in older drivers. Older adults with substantial shrinkage in the useful field of view were six times more likely to have incurred one or more crashes in the previous 5-year period. Eye health status, visual sensory function, cognitive status, and chronological age were significantly correlated with crashes, but were relatively poor at discriminating between crash-involved versus crash-free drivers.This study suggests that policies that restrict driving privileges based solely on age or on common stereotypes of age-related declines in vision and cognition are scientifically unfounded. With the identification of a visual attention measure highly predictive of crash problems in the elderly, this study points to a way in which the suitability of licensure in the older adult population could be based on objective, performance-based criteria.
78B557AD	The Useful Field of View test (UFOV1) is increasingly used in clinical and rehabilitation settings. To date there have been no normative data for adjusted performance comparisons across demographically-similar, elderly peers. This study examined demographic and cognitive influences on the UFOV in a sample of 2759 participants (65–94 years of age). Performance was found to differ by age and education. Regression analyses examined the relative contributions of age, education, mental status, vision, and health to UFOV performance. All of these factors were found to significantly contribute to UFOV performance, with age accounting for the most variance and education accounting for the least. Normative tables for the UFOV by age and education are provided. These norms will allow researchers and clinicians to compare UFOV performance with similar peers and may help in identifying elderly persons who would benefit from speed of processing training.
7A1722E5	The Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) chlorophyll data set was compared to comprehensive archives of in situ chlorophyll data from NASA and NOAA. The global comparison indicated a root mean square (RMS) log error of 31%, with a coefficient of determination (r2) of 0.76, using 4168 data points where in situ and SeaWiFS data were coincident and collocated. RMS log error for open ocean (defined as bottom depth>200 m) was 27.7% with r2=0.72, compared to 33% RMS log error and r2=0.60 on the coasts, indicating a deterioration of quality of the SeaWiFS data set in coastal regions. All of the Pacific oceanographic basins generally showed very good agreement with SeaWiFS, as did the South Atlantic basin. However, poorer agreement was found in the Mediterranean/Black Seas, Equatorial Atlantic, and the Antarctic. Optical complexity arising from riverine inputs, Saharan dust, and anomalous oceanic constituents contributed to the differences observed in the Atlantic, where an overestimation by SeaWiFS occurred. The Antarctic indicated a pronounced negative bias, indicating an underestimation, especially for chlorophyll concentrations greater than about 0.15 mg m−3. The results provide a comprehensive global and geographic analysis of the SeaWiFS data set, which will assist data users and policy makers in assessing the uncertainty of estimates of global and regional ocean chlorophyll and primary production.
7FE1AC87	Traditional minimally invasive surgeries use a view port provided by an endoscope or laparoscope. We argue that a useful addition to typical endoscopic imagery would be a global 3-D view providing a wider field of view with explicit depth information for both the exterior and interior of target anatomy. One technical challenge of implementing such a view is finding efficient and accurate means of registering texture images from the laparoscope on prebuilt 3-D surface models of target anatomy derived from magnetic resonance (MR) or computed tomography (CT) images. This paper presents a novel method for addressing this challenge that differs from previous approaches, which depend on tracking the position of the laparoscope. We take advantage of the fact that neighboring frames within a video sequence usually contain enough coherence to allow a 2-D-2-D registration, which is a much more tractable problem. The texturing process can be bootstrapped by an initial 2-D-3-D user-assisted registration of the first video frame followed by mostly-automatic texturing of subsequent frames. We perform experiments on phantom and real data, validate the algorithm against the ground truth, and compare it with the traditional tracking method by simulations. Experiments show that our method improves registration performance compared to the traditional tracking approach.
613FEEF4	Since artificial space objects are observable only in a short period of time and the characteristics of their motion is not exactly predictable, it is difficult to obtain both photometric and spectroscopic data by a set of observations. We have, therefore, designed a mount to load multi-optical instruments on the Kyung Hee University (KHU) satellite tracking and observation system for both photometric and spectroscopic observations of artificial space objects. In this paper, we have calculated the deformation of the remodeled mount using structural analyses for the loading of the multi-optical instruments. We have also deduced pointing errors of the mount occurring at tracking and observing artificial space objects. we have derived tracking reliably artificial space objects in our field of view and confirmed structural safety test of mount utilizing equivalent (von-mises) stress distribution. 
7DA853A7	Visual tracking is essential for automatic scene understanding and surveillance of areas of interest. Monocular 2D tracking has been largely studied in the literature, but it usually provides inadequate or incomplete information for event interpretation. In addition, it proves insufficiently robust, due to view-point limitations and lack of depth information. However, the association of multiple cameras with overlapped fields of view allows the inference of 3D information and, thus, a richer description of the monitored scene.
7DBC6833	While laparoscopes are used for numerous minimally invasive (MI) procedures, MI liver resection and ablative surgery is infrequently performed. The paucity of cases is due to the restriction of the field of view by the laparoscope and the difficulty in determining tumor location and margins under video guidance. By merging MI surgery with interactive, image-guided surgery (IIGS), we hope to overcome localization difficulties present in laparoscopic liver procedures. One key component of any IIGS system is the development of accurate registration techniques to map image space to physical or patient space. This manuscript focuses on the accuracy and analysis of the direct linear transformation (DLT) method to register physical space with laparoscopic image space on both distorted and distortion-corrected video images. Experiments were conducted on a liver-sized plastic phantom affixed with 20 markers at various depths. After localizing the points in both physical and laparoscopic image space, registration accuracy was assessed for different combinations and numbers of control points (n) to determine the quantity necessary to develop a robust registration matrix. For n = 11, average target registration error (TRE) was 0.70 +/- 0.20 mm. We also studied the effects of distortion correction on registration accuracy. For the particular distortion correction method and laparoscope used in our experiments, there was no statistical significance between physical to image registration error for distorted and corrected images. In cases where a minimum number of control points (n = 6) are acquired, the DLT is often not stable and the mathematical process can lead to high TRE values. Mathematical filters developed through the analysis of the DLT were used to prospectively eliminate outlier cases where the TRE was high. For n = 6, prefilter average TRE was 17.4 +/- 153 mm for all trials; when the filters were applied, average TRE decreased to 1.64 +/- 1.10 mm for the remaining trials.
0151AA47	Geosynchronous orbit and low earth orbit have many artificial satellites, and the accidents of these satellites affect every area such as weather forecasts and communications. In the optical observation, the periodical change of the brightness which is caused by the type and the shape of the satellite is seen. For space debris, it is possible to estimate its approximate shape from its rotational condition. Recently, we are studying the estimation of the shape of the debris from the optical observation. In the case of LEO debris, since the movement is fast, it crosses the field of view in several seconds. We used an observation method to get the data of LEO debris. This method observes a field of view in the sky calculated from the TLE of targeted Iridium 33 debris so that a track of the target is obtained. The exposure is begun right before the targeted debris passes through the field of view. We tried this method at March 11, 2009, and observed several pieces of debris. It seems that comparatively large and bright debris was detected by this method. The positions and tilts of the streaks of light, and the observed times are in good agreement with forecasts from the orbital elements, convincing us that the observed streaks of light are the targets. In case of the GEO debris, the rate of motion is slow in comparison with LEO debris. Fixed stars are observed by the same position on the image when the telescope is operated in sidereal tracking mode. Then, an artificial satellite and debris are recorded on the image with streaks of light. When the telescope is observing an equatorial belt especially, satellites pass the field of view one after another. Rotation periods of some satellites and some pieces of space debris in the geosynchronous orbit which were detected in the observational images were calculated in this research. In this paper, the observation and the detection method of light curve of geosynchronous orbit debris are discussed. Observing the changes of the operative satellites with some time intervals may help to detect the abnormalities and accidents of them. 
79C677EA	The scientific objectives of the improved stratospheric and mesospheric sounder (ISAMS) experiment involve the measurement of global temperature and composition profiles from an instrument on the Upper Atmosphere Research Satellite (UARS). This paper describes the instrument concept, its design, and its performance as calculated and as measured in the laboratory. The data retrieval technique, operating modes, observing strategy, and the error budget are briefly discussed.
790A73AA	The development and assessment of satellite ocean color products require quality assured in situ data representative of the variety of bio-optical regimes encountered in the different seas. The measurement program named Bio-Optical mapping of Marine Properties (BiOMaP) fulfills this requirement by using identical instruments and applying cross-site consistent methods for the characterization of seawater inherent and apparent optical properties in the various European seas. This work introduces the BiOMaP radiometric data and describes their application to the validation of primary ocean color products. Within this framework, the radiometric data are discussed through the spectral shape and amplitude of normalized water-leaving radiances (LWN). Specifically, the spectral shape is expressed through the Principal Component Analysis of LWN(λ)/LWN(555) while the amplitude is represented by LWN(555). The resulting distribution of BiOMaP data in a three dimensional feature space demonstrates a continuity of cases across the investigated marine regions confirming a wide representativity of bio-optical regimes. The application of BiOMaP data to the validation of remote sensing reflectance from the Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) and the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS), indicates improved performance of the SeaWiFS Data Analysis System (SeaDAS, version 6.1) atmospheric correction. In particular, the comparison of satellite and in situ matchups in the blue spectral region shows biases of a few percent with respect to the much larger reported in studies relying on earlier SeaDAS versions. Matchup analyses, restricted to the Eastern Mediterranean, Black and Baltic Seas, indicate marked regional differences likely explained by the diversity of water and aerosol types.
012ABC70	An equation has been deduced, whose solution shows conditions of entry and exit of a cosmic object in the field of view of a space station having a limited visibility zone. It is shown that the obtained equation can be easily generalized for observations from space station systems. For solution of the obtained transcendent equation a probability-determined method of finding all roots at a given time interval has been proposed, without searching for transitional initial approximations. The described method is effective for large space systems. 
76BE8E84	Our study examined the ability of two groups of elderly car drivers to detect vulnerable road users (pedestrians and two-wheeled motorized vehicles) in a simulated car-driving task. One group was given specific training, aimed at increasing their useful visual field, while driving. The second group’s task was to follow another vehicle. Data analysis indicated that the training given led to a significant increase in drivers’ useful visual field. In addition, comparison of performances of the two groups permitted us to conclude that training had a beneficial effect on driving, as elderly drivers who received training were better able to detect pedestrians in the road environment. This research could potentially be applied in cognitive intervention programs for older adults in order to preserve their ability to drive and improve the safety of vulnerable road users.he purpose of this study was to examine the association between visual and cognitive impairment in older drivers and their avoidance of potentially challenging driving situations. A group of 257 older drivers participated in assessments of visual sensory function, eye health and cognitive function including the useful field of view test, and completed a structured questionnaire on driving exposure and how frequently they avoided challenging driving situations. Results replicated earlier studies showing that many older drivers limit their exposure to driving situations which are generally believed to be more difficult (e.g. rain, night, heavy traffic, rush hour). Furthermore, older drivers with objectively determined visual and/or attentional impairments reported more avoidance than those free of impairments; those with the most impairment reported avoiding more types of situations than other less impaired or non-impaired drivers. Older drivers with a history of at-fault crashes in the prior five years reported more avoidance than those who had crash-free records. Future research should evaluate the potentially beneficial role of self-regulation in enhancing older driver safety, particularly in those older drivers with visual and attentional processing impairments who have elevated crash risk.
7AB132E9	Our study examined the ability of two groups of elderly car drivers to detect vulnerable road users (pedestrians and two-wheeled motorized vehicles) in a simulated car-driving task. One group was given specific training, aimed at increasing their useful visual field, while driving. The second group’s task was to follow another vehicle. Data analysis indicated that the training given led to a significant increase in drivers’ useful visual field. In addition, comparison of performances of the two groups permitted us to conclude that training had a beneficial effect on driving, as elderly drivers who received training were better able to detect pedestrians in the road environment. This research could potentially be applied in cognitive intervention programs for older adults in order to preserve their ability to drive and improve the safety of vulnerable road users.
7D485214	Typical measures of the useful field of view (UFOV) involve many components of attention. The objective of the current research was to examine the attentional operations that might underlie declines in the UFOV. We used 2 basic attention tasks to characterize the profile of visual attention in UFOV-impaired and -unimpaired observers. Our results suggested that declines in the UFOV result from a deficit in attentional disengagement, not a decrease in attentional breadth or scope. The results suggested that UFOV decline in normal aging can be associated with a specific attentional operation, namely attentional disengagement. These results suggest that the underlying cause of UFOV decline may not be a restriction in the breadth or scope of attention. Because the UFOV is a reliable predictor of driving safety, our results point to attentional components that are critical for the visual behavior of older adults. 
7CEC64DF	In optical aperture-synthesis imaging of stellar objects, different beam combination strategies are used and proposed. Coaxial Michelson interferometers are very common and a homothetic multiaxial interferometer is recently realized in the Large Binocular Telescope. Laboratory experiments have demonstrated the working principles of two new approaches: densified pupil imaging and wide field-of-view (FOV) coaxial imaging using a staircase-shaped mirror. We develop a common mathematical formulation for direct comparison of the resolution and noise sensitivity of these four telescope configurations for combining beams from multiple apertures for interferometric synthetic aperture, wide-FOV imaging. Singular value decomposition techniques are used to compare the techniques and observe their distinct signal-to-noise ratio behaviors. We conclude that for a certain chosen stellar object, clear differences in performance of the imagers are identifiable.
77776224	We report on the lunar and solar measurements used to determine the changes in the radiometric sensitivity of the Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS). Radiometric sensitivity is defined as the output from the instrument (or from one of the instrument bands) per unit spectral radiance at the instrument's input aperture. Knowledge of the long-term repeatability of the SeaWiFS measurements is crucial to maintaining the quality of the ocean scenes derived from measurements by the instrument. For SeaWiFS bands 1-6 (412-670 nm), the change in radiometric sensitivity is less than 0.2% for the period from November 1997 through November 1998. For band 7 (765 nm), the change is approximately 1.5% and for band 8 (865 nm) approximately 5%. The rates of change of bands 7 and 8, which were linear with time for the first eight months of lunar measurements, are now slowing. The scatter in the data points about the trend lines in this analysis is less than 0.3% for all eight SeaWiFS bands. These results are based on monthly measurements of the moon. Daily solar measurements using an onboard diffuser show that the radiometric sensitivities of the SeaWiFS bands have changed smoothly during the time intervals between lunar measurements. Because SeaWiFS measurements have continued past November 1998, the results presented here are considered as a snapshot of the instrument performance as of that date.
7D9583F2	There are many design factors and choices when mounting a vision system for robot control. Such factors may include the kinematic and dynamic characteristics in the robot's degrees of freedom (DOF), which determine what velocities and fields-of-view a camera can achieve. Another factor is that additional motion components (such as pan-tilt units) are often mounted on a robot and introduce synchronization problems. When a task does not require visually servoing every robot DOF, the designer must choose which ones to servo. Questions then arise as to what roles, if any, do the remaining DOF play in the task. Without an analytical framework, the designer resorts to intuition and try-and-see implementations. This paper presents a frequency-based framework that identifies the parameters that factor into tracking. This framework gives design insight which was then used to synthesize a control law that exploits the kinematic and dynamic attributes of each DOF. The resulting multi-input multi-output control law, which we call partitioning, defines an underlying joint coupling to servo camera motions. The net effect is that by employing both visual and kinematic feedback loops, a robot can quickly position and orient a camera in a large assembly workcell. Real-time experiments tracking people and robot hands are presented using a 5-DOF hybrid (3-DOF Cartesian gantry plus 2-DOF pan-tilt unit) robot.
7EBDB2BA	In this paper, we develop a new tracking approach which is based on cooperation and coordination of multiple agents which are pan-tilt-zoom cameras to optimize the cost of tracking and communication while simultaneously focus on the details of the object of interest. Each agent is able to track the object individually but the problem arises when the object goes suddenly out of the field of view of one agent because of an occlusion or an unexpected event. So each agent has to decide to take an action among a set of finite possible actions to overcome this situation in a way that optimizes the task of tracking.
7D07CA6B	This study evaluated the role of visual attention (as measured by the DriverScan change detection task and the Useful Field of View Test [UFOV]) in the prediction of driving impairment in 155 adults between the ages of 63 and 87. In contrast to previous research, participants were not oversampled for visual impairment or history of automobile accidents. Although a history of automobile accidents within the past 3 years could not be predicted using any variable, driving performance in a low-fidelity simulator could be significantly predicted by performance in the change detection task and by the divided and selection attention subtests of the UFOV in structural equation models. The sensitivity and specificity of each measure in identifying at-risk drivers were also evaluated with receiver operating characteristic curves.
7DF8E087	The accurate merging of primary radiometric ocean color products such as the normalized water-leaving radiance requires combining data from various space missions, which may be affected by different uncertainties as resulting from absolute calibration and minimization of the atmospheric effects. A statistical correction scheme based on a multilinear regression algorithm is used here to remove systematic differences between in situ and remote-sensing measurements. The application of the correction scheme to Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-View Sensor (SeaWiFS) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) primary radiometric products improves the convergence between remote-sensing and in situ measurements, with the largest effects at 412 and 443 nm. Specifically, the scatter and bias of MODIS derived with respect to in situ L wn at 412 nm have shown values of 12% and 3% for corrected with respect to values of 34% and -28% for uncorrected data, respectively. Similarly, the scatter and bias for SeaWiFS-derived L wn at 412 nm have shown values of 14% and 4% for corrected with respect to 32% and -20% for uncorrected data. Results at 667 nm for MODIS and at 670 nm for SeaWiFS, although displaying a reduction in the scatter of data, have shown a significant residual bias of about 11% and 17% with respect to in situ values. Finally, it was shown the need for restricting the application of the correction scheme to data with atmospheric and marine optical features represented within the reference data set used to define the correction coefficients.
7AE037BC	In this paper, we propose a method to track multiple deformable objects in video sequences using a recursive clustering scheme. In a first step, a set of Gabor filter banks is used to filter the difference image between two consecutive frames. Then, the moving areas are sampled by randomly positioning particles in high magnitude area of the filtered image. Finally, these points are clustered to obtain one class for each moving object. The novelty in our method is in using cluster information for the previous frame to classify new particles in the current frame. This makes our method robust to occlusions, objects entering and leaving the field of view, objects stopping and starting, and moving objects getting really close to each other.
7F016C34	 With a validated Quasi-Analytical Algorithm, an 11 year (1998–2008) monthly time series of the primary optical properties of waters in the center of the South Pacific gyre was developed from Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS). Also derived are chlorophyll a (Chl a) concentrations with the operational empirical algorithms for SeaWiFS and MODIS. The optical properties include the absorption coefficient (at 443 nm) of phytoplankton (aph) and that of the combination of detritus and gelbstoff (adg). From these time series, we further derived their annual background (summer low) and seasonal intensity (the difference between winter high and summer low). These time series show that (1) the optical properties have different seasonal and interannual variations, indicating different dynamics of these properties in the subtropical gyre; (2) there is a decreasing trend (r2 = 0.24) of the background aph in the 1998–2008 period and an increasing trend of the aph seasonal intensity (r2 = 0.11) for this period, and both trends are not statistically significant; (3) the aph time series agrees with the Chl a time series at the seasonal scale, but differs with respect to interannual variations; and (4) different interannual trends could be inferred with different time frames. These results emphasize that it is difficult to draw unequivocal conclusions about long-term trends of biogeochemical properties in the oceans with the current relatively short bio-optical records. To clarify and predict such trends, it is critical to get a full account of the forces that are responsible for the seasonal and interannual variations of these properties.
7F5289A1	Using stereo disparity or depth information to detect and track moving objects is receiving increasing attention in recent years. However, this approach suffers from some difficulties, such as synchronisation between two cameras and doubling of the image-data size. Besides, traditional stereo-imaging systems have a limited field of view (FOV), which means that they need to rotate the cameras when an object moves out of view. In this research, the authors present a depth-space partitioning algorithm for performing object tracking using single-camera omni-stereo imaging system. The proposed method uses a catadioptric omni directional stereo-imaging system to capture omni-stereo image 'pairs.' This imaging system has 360° FOV, avoiding the need for rotating cameras when tracking a moving object. In order to estimate omni-stereo disparity, the authors present a depth-space partitioning strategy. It partitions three-dimensional depth space with a series of co-axial cylinders, models the disparity estimation as a pixel-labelling problem and establishes an energy minimisation function for solving this problem using graph cuts optimisation. Based on the omni-stereo disparity-estimation results, the authors detect and track-moving objects based on omni-stereo disparity motion vector, which is the difference between two consecutive disparity maps. Experiments on moving car tracking justify the proposed method.
770149E4	Based on a feed-forward and error-back-propagated neural network (NN), a new bio-optical algorithm is developed for the Bay of Biscay. It is designed as a set of NNs individually dedicated to the retrieval of the phytoplankton chlorophyll (chl), and total suspended matter (tsm) from Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-View Sensor (SeaWiFS) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) Aqua data. The retrieved versus in situ measured concentrations of chl and tsm correlation coefficients for chl proved to be ∼0.8 (SeaWiFS) and 0.72 (MODIS), and for tsm 0.71 (SeaWiFS) and 0.74 (MODIS). The developed NN-based bio-optical algorithms are employed to assess the compatibility of SeaWiFS and MODIS data on chl and tsm in the coastal zone of the Bay of Biscay (case 2 waters). The value of the ratio between the concentration of chl and tsm derived from the same-day SeaWiFS and MODIS data (the overflight time difference, Δt is ≤2.5 hours) has in most cases values of approximately 1, however, in specific cases it varies appreciably. These results indicate that, unlike the reportedly very successful cases of merging of SeaWiFS and MODIS data on chl in open ocean waters (case 1 waters), the merging of chl (and tsm) data from these sensors collected over case 2 waters needs to be supervised at a level of a few pixels. At the same time, when averaged over the entire coastal zone of the Bay of Biscay, the retrieved monthly mean chl and tsm concentrations from SeaWiFS and MODIS practically coincide throughout the years (2002–2004) of contemporaneous operation of these two satellite sensors. Thus, even in the case of such dynamic and optically complex case 2 waters that are inherent in the Bay of Biscay, the potentials for ocean colour data merging are very good. The merging efficiency is assessed and illustrated via documenting the spatio-temporal dynamics of bottom sediment re-suspension in the bay occurring in winter – the season of heaviest cloudiness over the bay.
58728014	This contribution addresses the problem of detection and tracking of moving vehicles in image sequences from traffic scenes recorded by a stationary camera. In order to exploit the a priori knowledge about the shape and the physical motion of vehicles in traffic scenes, a parameterized vehicle model is used for an intraframe matching process and a recursive estimator based on a motion model is used for motion estimation. The initial guess about the position and orientation for the models are computed with the help of a clustering approach of moving image features. Shadow edges of the models are taken into account in the matching process. This enables tracking of vehicles under complex illumination conditions and within a small effective field of view. Results on real world traffic scenes are presented and open problems are outlined.
75CD6FBA	This paper outlines an experience of development of an expert system. The necessity of an expert system which can recognize and track any dynamic object in the field of view a vision system, was the main reason of development of the expert system. For achieving the goals of an expert system, some priorities must be considered. Dialogue is the first priority and it should be understandable by program. Otherwise, if a small error is given to computer, it will result in a large failure of knowledge and the wrong processing. Another priority is the knowledge-base, and this includes the procedural and the declarative memories. The paper will explain the application of above priority in a project of real time object tracking. The obtained results of tracking were compared with the results of surveying intersection so that the ability of the expert system was tested. 
81623367	Two approaches of ocean color data merging were tested and compared in the North and Equatorial Atlantic Basin: the weighted averaging and the objective analysis. The datasets used were the daily level-3 binned data of chlorophyll-a from the Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor (SeaWiFS) and Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer on the Aqua satellite over the year 2003, which is the first common full year of operation. Since they represent input for both approaches, matchups between the satellite and the in situ data from the SeaWiFS Bio-optical Archive and Storage System and the Atlantic Meridional Transect were first studied to compute a spatial map of the root mean-square error and of the bias. Because of the log distribution of the chlorophyll fields, each approach was applied to untransformed and log-transformed values. The application of the weighted averaging to log-transformed values does not show significant differences in comparison to its application to untransformed values. This is not the case, however, for the objective analysis that gives better results when applied to log-transformed values. Both approaches give combined chlorophyll data of equivalent quality, although the objective analysis could be improved with a better statistical characterization of noise and signal covariance. The main advantage of the objective analysis is its ability to interpolate in space (and time) by taking into account the characteristic scales of chlorophyll-a. As a result, the spatial coverage of the combined data is at least twice as large in the case of objective analysis than weighted averaging
80E6F26C	In this work the concept of using a single partitioned pixel amplifier with variable topology for both low light level operation and Wide Dynamic Range (WDR) for CMOS imagers is presented. Low light level imaging is based on the Active Reset (AR) technique combined with the Active Column Sensor (ACS) readout technique for low noise operation. WDR for high light level detection is achieved by utilizing multiple resets via real-time feedback where each pixel in the field of view is independent and can automatically set an exposure time according to its illumination. Due to the commonalities in the low and high light level readout techniques, and the fact that they occur in staggered instances of time, we propose the use of a single column level partitioned pixel amplifier which can be configured in various modes of operation to satisfy the conditions for the suggested techniques. We also propose a Conditional Active Reset (CAR) scheme in which an AR is employed for every reset in the multiple-reset WDR algorithm, thereby reducing the overall noise involved in the technique. The advantages of the proposed column level partitioned pixel amplifier are simplicity in the analog readout path, reduced chip size and less power consumption. The Variable Topology Amplifier was designed and simulated in a mixed signal 0.18umCMOS technology. Its design is discussed and simulation results are presented.
7BCE17F7	 Regional differences in the Sea-viewing Wide Field-of-view Sensor chlorophyll algorithm uncertainty were observed in a large global data set containing coincident in situ measurements of chlorophyll a concentration (Chla) and spectral radiometry. The uncertainty was found to be systematic when the data were sorted by ocean: Atlantic, Pacific, Southern, and Indian Oceans. Artifacts associated with different instrumentation and analytical methods had been previously ruled out. Given these oceanic biases in the chlorophyll algorithm, we hypothesized that the oceans may be optically different, and their optical differences may be intrinsically related to regional differences in phytoplankton community structure or biogeochemical processes. The oceanic biases, originally observed using radiometric measurements, were independently verified using total absorption measurements in a subset of the data. Moreover, they were explained through oceanic differences in the absorption of colored detrital matter (CDM) and phytoplankton. Both effects were considered together in explaining the ocean biases through a stepwise linear regression analysis. Significant oceanic differences in the amount of CDM and in phytoplankton cell sizes and pigmentation would give rise to optical differences, but we raise a concern for the spatial coverage of the data. We do not suggest the application of ocean-based algorithms but rather emphasize the importance of consolidating regional data sets before reaching this conclusion.
77BB6AC7	The moderate resolution imaging spectrometer (MODIS) is discussed as an Earth-viewing sensor that is planned as a facility instrument for the Earth Observing System (Eos) scheduled to begin functioning in the mid-1990s. The MODIS is composed of two mutually supporting sensors that cover a swath width sufficient to provide nearly complete two-day global coverage from a polar-orbiting, sun-synchronous, serviceable platform. High signal-to-noise ratios are to be provided, e.g. 500 to 1 or greater with 10-12-bit quantization over the dynamic ranges of the spectral bands. MODIS' lifetime is expected to be about ten years. One of the MODIS sensors is termed MODIS-N, where N signifies nadir-viewing. The companion to MODIS-N is MODIS-T, where T signifies a tiltable field-of-view. The development of the MODIS facility from conceptual design studies (Phase-A) into detailed design studies (Phase-B) is discussed.
79E40A8B	We study the extent to which the lateral ocelli of dragonflies are able to resolve and map spatial information, following the recent finding that the median ocellus is adapted for spatial resolution around the horizon. Physiological optics are investigated by the hanging-drop technique and related to morphology as determined by sectioning and three-dimensional reconstruction. L-neuron morphology and physiology are investigated by intracellular electrophysiology, white noise analysis and iontophoretic dye injection. The lateral ocellar lens consists of a strongly curved outer surface, and two distinct inner surfaces that separate the retina into dorsal and ventral components. The focal plane lies within the dorsal retina but proximal to the ventral retina. Three identified L-neurons innervate the dorsal retina and extend the one-dimensional mapping arrangement of median ocellar L-neurons, with fields of view that are directed at the horizon. One further L-neuron innervates the ventral retina and is adapted for wide-field intensity summation. In both median and lateral ocelli, a distinct subclass of descending L-neuron carries multi-sensory information via graded and regenerative potentials. Dragonfly ocelli are adapted for high sensitivity as well as a modicum of resolution, especially in elevation, suggesting a role for attitude stabilisation by localization of the horizon.
75C407DC	A study has been made to combine the functions of acquisition, tracking, and point-ahead in space optical com-munications into a single system utilizing an area array detector. This paper presents an analysis of the feasibility of the concept. The key parameters are: (1) optical power less than 1 pW at 0.86 μm, (2) acquisition in less than 30 seconds in an acquisition field of view (FONT) of 1 μrad, (3) tracking with 0.5 μrad rms noise at 1000 Hz update rate, and (4) point ahead transfer function precision of 0.25 μrad over a region of 150 μrad. Currently available array detectors have been examined. The most demanding specifications are low out-put noise, a high detection efficiency, a large number of pixels, and frame rates over 1 kHz. A proof-of-concept (POC) demonstration system is currently being built utilizing the Kodak HS-40 detector (a 128x128 photodiode array with a 64 channel CCD readout architecture which can be op-erated at frame rates as high as 40,000/sec). The POC system implements a windowing scheme and special pur-pose digital signal processing electronics for matched filter acquisition and tracking algorithms.
7CE9600A	Flight test results using a SeaScan UAV with a gimballing camera to track both stationary and moving ground targets are presented. We experimentally studied the effect of UAV altitude above the target, camera field of view, and orbit center offsets within the geolocation tracking performance for both stationary and moving targets. In addition, all of the tests were performed using two different aircraft navigation systems, showing important sensitivities within the system. Sensor biases are shown to directly cause slowly varying errors in the geolocation estimates which can dominate tracking performance. These errors, which typically oscillate with the UAV orbit, are adequately bounded with a geolocation estimator which captures both the target tracking uncertainty, as well as unobservable sensor biases.
7B84C7B0	During its lifetime the coastal zone color scanner (CZCS) produced approximately 66,000 images. These have been placed in an archive of “raw” radiance (sensor counts) in a subsampled format that is easily accessible. They have also been processed to form global fields, at reduced resolution, of normalized water-leaving radiance, phytoplankton pigments, and diffuse attenuation coefficient. Using this archive, we have tried to characterize some aspects of the “system calibration” for the 8-year lifetime of CZCS. Specifically, we have assumed that the sensitivity of the red band decayed in a simple manner similar to the well-known long-term degradation of the shorter-wavelength bands, and we examined the sensitivity of the green and yellow bands by computing the globally averaged water-leaving radiance, over 10-day periods, for all of the imagery. The results provide evidence that in addition to the long-term degradation, short-term (2 weeks to 1 month) variations in the radiometric sensitivity of these bands started in early fall 1981 and continued for the rest of the mission. In contrast, the data suggest the absence of such variations prior to August 1981. It is reasonable to believe that the sensitivity of the blue (and probably the red) band underwent such variations as well; however, our methodology cannot be used to study the other bands. Thus after these fluctuations began, the actual values of CZCS-estimated pigment concentrations at a given location should be viewed with skepticism; however, the global patterns of derived pigment concentration should be valid. Had an extensive set of surface measurements of water-leaving radiance, e.g., from moored buoys or drifters, been available during the CZCS mission, these fluctuations could have been removed from the data set, and this would have greatly increased its value. The lessons learned from CZCS, that is, the requirement of good radiometric calibration and stability and the necessity of “sea truth” stations to monitor the performance of the system (sensor plus algorithms), are being applied to the seaviewing wide-field-of-view sensor (SeaWiFS) scheduled for launch in August 1993.
7B00A88F	The number of space objects in earth orbit has increased steadily from the launch of the first space object (Sputnik) to the current level of approximately 10,000. The North American Defense Cheyenne Mountain Operations Center (CMOC), operated by the United States and Canada, provides continuous tracking of this growing constellation of space objects, including active and inactive satellites and space debris. This mission is accomplished for the most part using radar stations and ground-based optical tracking stations, with centralized orbit determination and satellite catalog maintenance performed at CMOC. The United States plans to augment this capability with satellite-based optical tracking. In this paper we discuss aspects of an extensive APL2 prototyping capability that we have developed to evaluate concepts for satellite-based tracking of space objects.Over the last 25 years, we have developed a library of APL prototyping and simulation capabilities to handle various aspects of space-based infrared sensor surveillance of missile launches (Ref. 1 and 2). In recent years we have expanded these capabilities to address the space object surveillance mission as well as Global Positioning System applications (Ref. 3). In this paper we discuss development of algorithms and simulations for the space object surveillance mission of a generic constellation of low-altitude surveillance satellites.In general, surveillance satellites can be equipped with several different kinds of infrared and visible wavelength sensors to accommodate a variety of surveillance missions. A given satellite platform may contain one or more acquisition sensors having a wide field of view for global coverage, in order for the satellite system to detect the occurrence of a space launch or a missile launch anywhere in the world. The same platform may also contain narrow field of view sensors that operate in different parts of the spectral band, in order to enhance detection of objects at various altitudes within the atmosphere or outside the atmosphere, and to enhance the system's ability to identify targets of different types.Finally, a given satellite platform may contain visible wavelength sensors with very small fields of view but very high resolution that are designed to track targets with greater precision. The "track sensors" that are used to detect and track objects in space are of this general type.The mission of tracking space objects includes maintaining orbital ephemerides for active satellites, inactive satellites, spent boosters and space debris primarily in earth orbit. This paper describes how our group (Lockheed Martin Mission Systems in Boulder, Colorado) has simulated the relevant aspects of this mission in considerable detail using APL2. We also discuss our simulation approach compared with other approaches, such as using COTS products. We also describe some of the data sources we used, with particular emphasis on capabilities available through the Internet. We also show examples of APL2 functions that we crafted for this work.This approach has effectively capitalized on the rich algorithm library we have developed over the years that enables us to evaluate new concepts and designs in a rapid and confident manner. 
7E544034	Driving is a complex behavior that requires the utilization of a wide range of individual abilities. Identifying assessments that not only capture individual differences, but also are related to older adults' driving performance would be beneficial. This investigation examines the relationship between the Useful Field of View (UFOV) assessment and objective measures of retrospective or concurrent driving performance, including state-recorded accidents, on-road driving, and driving simulator performance. The PubMed and PsycINFO databases were searched to retrieve eight studies that reported bivariate relationships between UFOV and these objective driving measures. Cumulative meta-analysis techniques were used to combine the effect sizes in an attempt to determine whether the strength of the relationship was stable across studies and to assess whether a sufficient number of studies have been conducted to validate the relationship between UFOV and driving performance. A within-group homogeneity of effect sizes test revealed that the samples could be thought of as being drawn from the same population, Q [7] = 11.29, p (one-tailed) = 0.13. Therefore, the effect sizes of eight studies were combined for the present cumulative meta-analysis. The weighted mean effect size across the studies revealed a large effect (Cohen's d = 0.945), with poorer UFOV performance associated with negative driving outcomes. This relationship was robust across multiple indices of driving performance and several research laboratories. This convergence of evidence across numerous studies using different methodologies confirms the importance of the UFOV assessment as a valid and reliable index of driving performance and safety. Recent prospective studies have confirmed a relationship between UFOV performance and future crashes, further supporting the use of this instrument as a potential screening measure for at-risk older drivers. 
7B53A96A	We are currently constructing a 0.5-meter and a 1-meter wide-field telescope that will operate in tandem to detect and track Near Earth Objects and space debris. The telescopes have a single flat-plane Cassegrain focus, are optimized for a specific range of wavelengths of light, a small focal ratio with a wide field of view, and hold a single multi-chip CCD camera as their only observational instrument. Because these telescopes are designed for a specific type of observation, the costs of the telescopes are greatly reduced compared to similar sized multipurpose telescopes systems. To achieve high-quality NEO/Space Debris observations, the manufacturers of the telescope systems, CCD cameras, facilities, and software work together to integrate their cutting-edge technologies into a single robust system. In this paper we discuss the strategy, design, and implementation of our manufacturing team approach to building cost-effective advanced technology telescope systems. 
80C2E523	To examine how cognitive speed of processing training affects driving mobility across a 3-year period among older drivers.Older drivers with poor Useful Field of View (UFOV) test performance (indicating greater risk for subsequent at-fault crashes and mobility declines) were randomly assigned to either a speed of processing training or a social and computer contact control group. Driving mobility of these 2 groups was compared with a group of older adults who did not score poorly on the UFOV test (reference group) across a 3-year period.Older drivers with poor UFOV test scores who did not receive training experienced greater mobility declines as evidenced by decreased driving exposure and space and increased driving difficulty at 3 years. Those at risk for mobility decline who received training did not differ across the 3-year period from older adults in the reference group with regard to driving exposure, space, and most aspects of driving difficulty.Cognitive speed of processing training can not only improve cognitive performance but also protect against mobility declines among older drivers. Scientifically proven cognitive training regimens have the potential to enhance the everyday lives of older adults.
7E939FD3	An evaluation of the accuracy of atmospheric and marine satellite-derived products is presented and discussed for the northern Adriatic Sea coastal region using match-ups of in situ and Sea-Viewing Wide-Field-of-View Sensor (SeaWiFS) data for the period September 1997-September 2001. The study, making use of a simple atmospheric correction scheme including a near-infrared (NIR) turbid-water correction, has shown mean relative percentage differences between in situ and satellite-derived aerosol optical thickness lower than 23% in the spectral range between 443 and 865 nm. By applying regional empirical bio-optical algorithms for chlorophyll a concentration (Chla), total suspended matter concentration (TSM), and diffuse attenuation coefficient at 490 nm (K/sub d/(490)), match-ups analysis has shown mean relative percentage differences of 40% for Chla, 28% for TSM, and 30% for K/sub d/(490). The analysis is supported by comparison of in situ and satellite-derived normalized water leaving radiances to highlight the importance of the NIR turbid-water correction and to discuss the intrinsic uncertainties due to the use of empirical algorithms.
7823E317	BACKGROUND/STUDY CONTEXT: Typical measures for assessing the useful field (UFOV) of view involve many components of attention. The objective of the current experiment was to examine differences in visual search efficiency for older individuals with and without UFOV impairment.The authors used a computerized screening instrument to assess the useful field of view and to characterize participants as having an impaired or normal UFOV. Participants also performed two visual search tasks, a feature search (e.g., search for a green target among red distractors) or a conjunction search (e.g., a green target with a gap on its left or right side among red distractors with gaps on the left or right and green distractors with gaps on the top or bottom).Visual search performance did not differ between UFOV impaired and unimpaired individuals when searching for a basic feature. However, search efficiency was lower for impaired individuals than unimpaired individuals when searching for a conjunction of features.The results suggest that UFOV decline in normal aging is associated with conjunction search. This finding suggests that the underlying cause of UFOV decline may arise from an overall decline in attentional efficiency. Because the useful field of view is a reliable predictor of driving safety, the results suggest that decline in the everyday visual behavior of older adults might arise from attentional declines.
7ED24D11	We have developed a new energy/mass spectrometer for medium energy range (10-200 keV/q) ion measurements in the Earth's magnetosphere and interplanetary space. The wide field-of-view ( ~360deg fan) enables acquisition of 3-D distribution functions for all the major ions, by utilizing spacecraft spin motions. The g-factor is much larger than the previous ion mass spectrometers in the medium energy range. The mass analysis unit that measures ion time-of-flights is well designed to realize a lightweight and simple signal processing. Laboratory experiments with a test model show that the performance of mass spectroscopy agrees with numerical simulations. Medium energy ion mass spectrometer with this new design will surely be useful for upcoming space missions in the inner magnetosphere, reconnection regions, and other energetic plasma structures/phenomena in space.
77E16853	Older adults commonly report problems in visual search tasks and experience a higher incidence of mobility problems (e.g. falls and vehicle crashes), which involve visual skills. We examined whether target localization problems in the elderly can be adequately explained by impairments in peripheral visual sensitivity, or whether deficits in higher order visual processing are also contributory. Fifty-nine older adults (59-88 yr) who exhibited varying degrees of visual field loss (none to severe) were asked to localize briefly-presented, high-contrast targets (3 x 5 deg) in the central 60 deg (diameter) of the visual field, while simultaneously performing a visual discrimination task at fixation. Visual sensitivity accounted for only 36% of the variance in localization performance across subjects, and this relationship grew weaker (13%) when the target was embedded in distracting stimuli, suggesting that impaired attentional skills also underlie older adults' localization problems. Not surprisingly, older adults with severe visual field loss were also poor at localizing targets. However, about half of those older patients with normal or near-normal visual fields also had severe localization problems. These results indicate that despite having good visual field sensitivity, many older adults have serious difficulty locating objects of interest in the environment. This study illustrates that clinical tests for identifying visual performance problems in the elderly must embody stimulus and task features which better reflect the visual demands of everyday life.
7D58AC26	The Space Information Laboratory (SIL) of the Tropical Center for Earth and Space Studies of the University of Puerto Rico at Mayagüez (UPRM) has been collecting and processing satellite data since December of 1996. Satellite imagery from the Advanced Very High Resolution Radiometer (AVHRR) and the Sea viewing Wide Field of view Sensor (SeaWiFS) provides us with a new understanding of phytoplankton dynamics in the Caribbean region. SeaWiFS shows the intrusion of waters into the eastern Caribbean Sea from the Orinoco River during fall and from the Amazon River during spring–summer. Strong coastal upwelling in Venezuela produced by the trade winds during winter–spring is detected with the AVHRR. The satellite data suggest that these seasonal events may play an important role in phytoplankton fertilization of the eastern Caribbean Sea. SeaWiFS and hydrological data are also combined to evaluate the impact of hurricanes on phytoplankton distribution. The development of models for estimation of ocean primary productivity using SeaWiFS and AVHRR data is now in progress.
80DFD9C4	n exploring 3D environments from a first-person viewpoint, the narrow field-of-view makes it difficult to search for an off-screen object, a task that becomes even harder if the user is looking through the small screen of a mobile phone. This paper presents Aroundplot, a novel focus+context interface for providing multiple location cues for off-screen objects in an immersive 3D environment. One part of this technique is a mapping method from 3D spherical coordinates to 2D orthogonal fisheye, which tackles the problems of existing 3D location cue displays such as occlusion among the cues and discordance with the human frame of reference. The other part is a dynamic magnification method that magnifies the context in the direction the view is moving to alleviate the distortion of the orthogonal fisheye and thus to support precise movement. In an evaluation, the participants could find the target object for a given location cue faster and more accurately with Aroundplot than with a top-down 2D radar. They were more accurate with Aroundplot than with a 3D arrow cluster when the number of objects was large; however, accuracy with a small number of objects and the search speed with any number of objects were not significantly different.
80A5C4A9	In active visual 3D object tracking, one goal is to control the pan and tilt axes of the involved cameras to keep the tracked object in the centers of the fields of view. We present a novel method, based on an information theoretic measure, that manages this task. The main advantage of the proposed approach is that there is no need for an explicit formulation of a camera controller, such as a PID-controller or something similar. For the case of Kalman filter based tracking, we demonstrate the practicability and evaluate the accuracy of the proposed method in simulations as well as in real-time tracking experiments.