7E1153B0	Over the past four decades, petty traders in Bến Thành market (Ho Chi Minh City) and Vietnamese officials have experienced and propelled rapid economic, political, and social transformations entailing reconfigurations of class and gender. Exploring the co-construction of class and gender through state and individual narratives and performances, I here make three contributions to anthropological scholarship on socialism and late, post-, and market socialism. First, I highlight the importance of associative gendered logics to government efforts to deploy new, morally compelling notions of class. Second, I demonstrate that socialist constructions of gender and class are not simply imposed on resistant subjects but also internalized as meaningful structures of sentiment, even among those otherwise ambivalent toward state authority. Third, I reveal that state socialist logics provide fertile ground for those enframed to exercise strategic essentialism (Spivak 1995) that affords symbolic or material advantage, even as it might also reproduce marginality.
7FE0DC23	People's subjective images of class and class conflict reflect a mixture of both materialist forces and the vivid subjective images of equality and consensus among family, friends, and coworkers. These reference group processes distort perceptions of class: They make most people think they are middle class, thereby weakening the link between objective class and subjective perceptions of class and class conflict, fostering consensual rather than conflictual views of class relations, and attenuating the links between class and politics, particularly in Central European nations. Maximum-likelihood analyses of large, representative national samples from six Western democracies support the argument.
5FB82331	Multi-class image classification can benefit much from feature subset selection. This paper extends an error bound of binary SVMs to a feature subset selection criterion for the multi-class SVMs. By minimizing this criterion, the scale factors assigned to each feature in a kernel function are optimized to identify the important features. This minimization problem can be efficiently solved by gradient-based search techniques, even if hundreds of features are involved. Also, considering that image classification is often a small sample problem, the regularization issue is investigated for this criterion, showing its robustness in this situation. Experimental study on multiple benchmark image data sets demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed approach.
7E40852D	Within most approaches to stratification gender and ethnicity are seen to pertain primarily to the symbolic or cultural realms, whilst class is regarded as pertaining to material inequality. This constructs gender and ethnic positioning as entailing honour, deference, worth, value and differential treatment (sometimes expressed through the notion of 'status'), but the social relations around these are themselves not seen as constitutive of social stratification. In this paper I will rethink social stratification away from the polarity between the material and the symbolic, and argue that material inequality, as a set of outcomes relating to life conditions, life chances and solidary processes, is informed by claims and struggles over resources of different types, undertaken in terms of gender, ethnicity/race and class. This formulation allows us to include these categorial formations, alongside class, as important elements of social stratification i.e. as determining the allocation of socially valued resources and social places/locations.
7BB09D00	This paper examines the relationship between various dimensions of class and voting for the Australian Labor Party (ALP) at the 1996 election. It compares the traditional manual/nonmanual occupational class measure and the eight category version of Goldthorpe's schema used in Baxter et al. (1991). As well, it analyses interactions with class self-identification and a range of work-related variables and discusses the nature of politically relevant social cleavages at the election. The analyses are conducted within the framework of comprehensive multilevel models, incorporating a wide range of social-structural variables. One conclusion is that, although the Goldthorpe measure is superior to the traditional one, occupational class was not strongly related to voting in 1996. However, work-related variables in general were of most importance. Also, sectoral differences in voting were noticeable, with the results suggesting the existence of a state dependent voting bloc, whose interests can be seen as antagonistic to those of some of the ALP's traditional supporters. In relation to political aspects, I suggest that some of the ALP's policies while in government from 1983 to 1996 have resulted in long-term changes which worked to its disadvantage: one important consideration was its failure to reform the indirect tax system in a way that would have allowed for changes in the incidence of direct taxation. Nevertheless, class self-identification not only maintains a separate, independent influence on voting, but also has interactions with most work-related variables, and a number of other long-standing factors (trade union membership and religion, especially) continue to be of importance, suggesting that the size of the ALP's defeat in the election does not necessarily indicate long-term disadvantage.
82971E3F	The authors examined the institutional challenges that underrepresented minority (URM) faculty perceive in higher education with use of family support workplace policies. Evidence reveals that faculty encounter differences in access to information and explanations of how to use workplace–family statutes. A qualitative study of 58 URM faculty members highlighted five particularly notable themes: (a) faculty perceptions of how the institution views their family caregiving responsibilities, (b) inadequate compensation matters in the utilization of formal policies, (c) informal policies are often inaccessible and invisible, (d) social networks affect the inclusiveness of work–family institutional practices, and (e) fear of being regarded as a “red flag” constrains decisions regarding the use of policies. Given the push in higher education to diversify its faculty ranks, if administrators are to successfully implement diversity, equity, and inclusion and retain URM faculty, institutions need to pay particular attention to how URM faculty experience the academic climate regarding work–family balance.
7FDB1096	In this paper we describe TraceContract, an API for trace analysis, implemented in the Scala programming language. We argue that for certain forms of trace analysis the best weapon is a high level programming language augmented with constructs for temporal reasoning. A trace is a sequence of events, which may for example be generated by a running program, instrumented appropriately to generate events. The API supports writing properties in a notation that combines an advanced form of data parameterized state machines with temporal logic. The implementation utilizes Scala’s support for defining internal Domain Specific Languages (DSLs). Furthermore Scala’s combination of object oriented and functional programming features, including partial functions and pattern matching, makes it an ideal host language for such an API.
5EF4792E	Door supervision work is traditionally seen as a working-class, male-dominated trade. In addition, it is deemed to be one that is physically risky, where violence is seen as a ‘tool of the trade’ and where ‘bodily capital’ and ‘fighting ability’ are paramount to the competent performance of the job. This paper is a timely analysis on the manner in which the increasing numbers of women who work in door supervision negotiate their occupational identity and construct their work practices. The analysis focused on the way in which discursive constructions of both violence and workplace identities are variably taken up, reworked and resisted through the intersection of gender and class. This resulted in the identification of two main discourses; ‘playing the hero’ and the ‘hard matriarch’. These findings allow us to theorize that multiple, gendered and classed occupational identities exist beyond normative expectations and can be seen to be both emancipatory for working women, while simultaneously bolstering exploitation, workplace harassment and violent practices.
7E32613C	It is increasingly recognized that different axes of social power relations, such as gender and class, are interrelated, not as additive but as intersecting processes. This paper has reviewed existing research on the intersections between gender and class, and their impacts on health status and access to health care. The review suggests that intersecting stratification processes can significantly alter the impacts of any one dimension of inequality taken by itself. Studies confirm that socio-economic status measures cannot fully account for gender inequalities in health. A number of studies show that both gender and class affect the way in which risk factors are translated into health outcomes, but their intersections can be complex. Other studies indicate that responses to unaffordable health care often vary by the gender and class location of sick individuals and their households. They strongly suggest that economic class should not be analysed by itself, and that apparent class differences can be misinterpreted without gender analysis. Insufficient attention to intersectionality in much of the health literature has significant human costs, because those affected most negatively tend to be those who are poorest and most oppressed by gender and other forms of social inequality. The programme and policy costs are also likely to be high in terms of poorly functioning programmes, and ineffective poverty alleviation and social and health policies.
7EEA439C	Object-oriented programming is inextricably linked to the pioneering work of Ole-Johan Dahl and Kristen Nygaard on the design of the Simula language, which started at the Norwegian Computing Centre in the Spring of 1961. However, object-orientation, as we think of it today---fifty years later---is the result of a complex interplay of ideas, constraints and people. Dahl and Nygaard would certainly recognise it as their progeny, but might also be amazed at how much it has grown up.This article is based on a lecture given on 22nd August 2011, on the occasion of the scientific opening of the Ole-Johan Dahl hus at the University of Oslo. It looks at the foundational ideas from Simula that stand behind object-orientation, how those ideas have evolved to become the dominant programming paradigm, and what they have to offer as we approach the challenges of the next fifty years of informatics. 
7BC31173	This article looks at well documented processes of urban regeneration and community displacement in the inner-city through an innovative anthropological perspective focused on concepts of waste and value. Using the notion of symbolic devaluation of the working classes developed by Skeggs (1997; 2004), it traces their exclusion from recycling practices while at the same time the estates they live on are being regenerated. Raising questions about the parallels and contradictions between regeneration and recycling, it shows how symbolic devaluation of specifi c areas and their inhabitants are necessary precursors of the physical demolition and removal that characterize regeneration processes. Through an ethnographic approach, the deep connections between people and their waste, and people as waste, are exposed and questioned, showing how valuable middle class selves are produced through appropriate waste management procedures, i.e. individualized recycling, while inner-city, estate dwellers are remade into uncaring, unworthy citizens who cannot take part in this value-producing circuit.
07604E7D	The actor-model of computation was forged 25 years ago and, despite its natural fitness for concurrent programming, it never got traction on mainstream programming languages and as a widespread programming technique, it has been restricted mainly to academic experiments. The functional programming paradigm, available since the inception of the first high-level programming languages, despite the success of some of its languages, mostly on the academic environment, and its natural ability to avoid the inherent problems of concurrency, also never got traction on commercial development, being overshadowed by the proliferation of imperative languages. Recently, Moore’s Law reached a limit and, as an alternative way of evolving processors, multi-core ones were developed, turning parallel systems into commodity. This paper presents the guidelines of research that is being conducted in response to the actual software engineering crisis, on how to effectively exploit this new highly parallel world of multi-core processors on computers and other devices. In search of an effective and efficient concurrent programming model, currently available actor-model implementations will be scrutinized in order to evaluate their strengths and weaknesses against the omnipresent shared-state, multi-threaded model of concurrent programming.
67E41E37	This work introduces a fuzzy rule-based system operating as a selector of color constancy algorithms for the enhancement of dark images. In accordance with the actual content of an image, the system selects among three color constancy algorithms, the White-Patch, the Gray-World and the Gray-Edge. These algorithms have been considered because of their accurate remotion of the illuminant, besides showing an outstanding color enhancement on images. The design of the rule-based system is not a trivial task because several features are involved in the selection. Our proposal consists in a fuzzy system, modeling the decision process through simple rules. This approach can handle large amounts of information and is tolerant to ambiguity, while addressing the problem of dark image enhancement. The methodology consists in two main stages. Firstly, a training protocol determines the fuzzy rules, according to features computed from a subset of training images taken from the SFU Laboratory dataset. We choose carefully twelve image features for the formulation of the rules: seven color features, three texture descriptors, and two lighting-content descriptors. In the rules, the fuzzy sets are modeled using Gaussian membership functions. Secondly, experiments are carried out using Mamdani and Larsen fuzzy inferences. For a test image, a color constancy algorithm is selected according to the inference process and the rules previously defined. The results show that our method attains a high rate of correct selection of the most well-suited algorithm for the particular scene.
7DA7E4AF	The purpose of this study was to examine the in-class physical activity opportunities across game classifications. A total of 221 (male, 100; female, 121) Year 9/10 physical education students were used within this study. Each student was engaged in four sport-based units (target, net/wall, striking/fielding, and invasion). Physical activity data were collected during each lesson using an accelerometer. For analysis of data, descriptive statistics were used to examine whether students met physical activity thresholds, and repeated measures ANOVAs were used to examine unit differences. Results indicated (a) none of the lessons met the percentage of time standard for quality physical activity and (b) significant differences between games classifications in regard to moderate to vigorous physical activity were identified. These results indicate that unit of study (i.e., different games classifications) should be considered when focusing on in-class physical activity.
5FCA817F	Classification of Organisms
822AF152	Comparison Between The Various Protein Classification Schemes
7D09AAA0	Deprecating the Observer Pattern with Scala.React
779EFAB5	Developing Lift-based Web Applications Using Best Practices
711A8631	Explain the concept of lead time, the decision making process of planning and controlling, and the relationships between them with reference to Air traffic control: a world-class juggling act‚"
07AF4DC7	Racial, Ethnic, and Class Identities of Korean Adoptees in Minnesota and the Factors for Their Decision to Pursue Post-Baccalaureate Education"
59C00DB4	Strategic Media Decisions
164FDFF9	The Southern Tree of Liberty explained: class struggle, popular democracy and representative government in New South Wales before"
8135381E	Uma implementação paralela do AIRS em Scala
7EDD19B1	Application of local and global unsupervised Bayesian classification algorithms to the forest
78640FF3	The reproduction of privilege: young women, the family and private education"
59015B81	Water quality index applied to the classification and zoning of Al‐Jaysh canal, Baghdad – Iraq"
75AD80C1	Complexities and Complications: Intersections of Class and Sexuality
72ADA357	Modes of consumption: From ‘what’ to ‘how’ in cultural stratification research
7E9C1EDA	Incarceration and Stratification
6EFDAD8A	Internal versus external DSLs for trace analysis
7B283565	Analyzing best practices on Web development frameworks: The lift approach
762BEE23	Distributed REScala: an update algorithm for distributed reactive programming
77306F5E	On understanding data abstraction, revisited"
7AE8E292	Parallel programming with big operators
7826FBAA	The importance of low control at work and home on depression and anxiety: do these effects vary by gender and social class?
81758A31	Coming Home to Love and Class
775CBEA0	Negotiation and Navigation - an Exploration of the Spaces/Places of Working-Class Lesbians