7D919970	For a secure highly distributed computing environment, we suggest an efficient role based access control using attribute certificate. It reduces management cost and overhead incurred when we change the specification of the role. In this paper, we grouped roles and structured them into the role group relation tree. It results in secure and efficient role updating and distribution. For scalable role specification certificate distribution, multicasting packets are used. We take into account the packet loss and quantify performance enhancements of structuring role specification certificates.
7D37A34B	Role  Based  Access  Control  is  only  a  subset  of  the  security management and distributed systems management. Yet, the characteristics  and  use  of  the  role  objects  in  RBAC  or  Role Based Management (RBM) may differ significantly. In this paper we outline a Role Management Framework  based on the specification of policies and examine its differences and similarities  with  the  RBAC  concepts.  In  particular,  two aspects of roles required in RBM are emphasised: the need for  obligation  policies  which  changes  the  way  roles  are used  within  the  system  and  the  Object  Oriented  role  model which uses inheritance for re-use of the specification rather than implementing set-subset relationships on access rights.
78A428E2	To meet the authorization administration requirements in a distributed computer network environment, this paper extends the role-based access control model with multiple application dimensions and establishes a new access control model ED-RBAC(Extended Role Based Access Control Model) for the distributed environment. We propose an extendable hierarchical authorization assignment framework and design effective role-registering, role-applying and role-assigning protocol with symmetric and asymmetric cryptographic systems. The model can be used to simplify authorization administration in a distributed environment with multiple applications.
58756C0B	PrincipalDomain is an administrative scoping construct for establishing security policies based on the principals invoking object services that may entail objects moving around a network to accomplish their task.   The privileges attached to the principal determines the privileges of those mobile objects, which effectively defines the access control rules for any resource the object might request.  These objects may cooperate by delegating subtasks  to  other  objects.   During  the  process  of  delegation, when one object (initiator) authorizes another object (delegate) to perform some task, the attached privileges might be passed on from initiator to the delegate to accomplish the task.  Support for roles is used to improve manageability by adding an optional level of indirection.  Role-based access control and delegation provides a higher level of granularity than approaches limited only to individuals. In this paper, we describe a proposed  protection  mechanism  based  on  code-executing principals exercising their privileges via role constructs, and building delegation framework over this infrastructure. This mechanism extends current Java security features  to  support principals,  roles  and  delegation.   The framework supports a control API for application developers to specify mechanisms and security policies.
599992D8	The paper presents proposed Security Architecture for Open Collaborative Environment (OCE) being developed in the framework of the Collaboratory.nl (CNL) project with the intent to build a flexible, customer-driven security infrastructure for open collaborative applications. The architecture is based on extended use of emerging Web Services and Grid security technologies combined with concepts from the generic Authentication Authorization and Accounting (AAA) and Role-based Access Control (RBAC) frameworks. The paper describes another proposed solution the Job-centric security model that uses a Job description as a semantic document created on the basis of the signed order (or business agreement) to provide a job-specific context for invocation of the basic OCE security services. Typical OCE use case of policy based access control is discussed in details.
7E11F5FD	The paper describes a security architecture designed to support role based access control for distributed object systems in a large scale, multi-organisational enterprise in which domains are used to group objects for specifying security policies. We use the concept of a role to define access control related to a position within an organisation although our role framework caters for the specification of both authorisation and obligation policies. Access control and authentication is implemented using security agents on a per host basis to achieve a high degree of transparency to the application level. Cascaded delegation of access rights is also supported. The domain based authentication service uses symmetric cryptography and is implemented by replicated servers which maintain minimal state.
79C8533E	Recently research is focused on security policy integration and conflict reconciliation among various healthcare organizations. Problem statement: However, challenging security and privacy risk issues still arisen during sharing sensitive patient data in different large distributed organizations. Though eXtensible Access Control Markup Language (XACML) has a powerful capacity of expression, it does not support all the elements character of RBAC. Thus, it has not been built to manage security in large distributed systems in healthcare domain since each organization may join or leave at runtime. The policy redundancy and conflict resolution are important to resolve redundancy and inconsistencies before security policies can be integrated for healthcare collaboration. Existing approaches did not look at policy redundancy and conflict resolution process based on the types of redundancy and conflict for dynamic set of organizations collaboration. Besides that, a policy integration mechanism in order to generate actual security policy integration is not in well studied. Approach: In this study, we proposed an approach for integrating security XACML policies based on RBAC policy model considering both constraints and meta data information. Besides that, an approach to filter and collect only the required policies from different organizations based on user’s integration requirements is investigated. It is important for us to resolve policy redundancy and conflicts based on the types of policy redundancy and conflicts. Results: From the observation and literature analysis, it can be concluded that our work could provide the maximum confidence for pre-compile a large amount of policies and only return the most similar policies for policy integration. Besides that, our approach proved that the more restrict policy will be generated during the policy integration. Conclusion: Our work can guarantee the completeness as well as consistency of the access control policy. It is recommended that the dynamic constraints such as dynamic Separation Of Duty (SOD) should be considered because we believe this consideration can support dynamic updates and control policies in collaborative environments.
5F7ED447	Our society is increasingly moving towards richer forms of information exchange where mobility of processes and devices plays a prominent role. This tendency has prompted the academic community to study the security problems arising from such mobile environments, and in particular, the security policies regulating who can access the information in question. In this paper we describe a calculus for mobile processes and propose a mechanism for specifying access privileges based on a combination of the identity of the users seeking access, their credentials, and the location from which they seek it, within a reconfigurable nested structure. We define BACIR, a boxed ambient calculus extended with a Distributed Role-Based Access Control mechanism where each ambient controls its own access policy. A process in BACIR is associated with an owner and a set of activated roles that grant permissions for mobility and communication. The calculus includes primitives to activate and deactivate roles. The behavior of these primitives is determined by the process's owner, its current location and its currently activated roles. We consider two forms of security violations that our type system prevents: 1) attempting to move into an ambient without having the authorizing roles granting entry activated and 2) trying to use a communication port without having the roles required for access activated. We accomplish 1) and 2) by giving a static type system, an untyped transition semantics, and a typed transition semantics. We then show that a well-typed program never violates the dynamic security checks.
7E4AB174	The fast evolving workflow technologies facilitate organizations to interact and cooperate with each other to achieve their business goals by process collaborations. Task-role based access control is an important security mechanism to protect data and resources in information systems. However, the traditional centralized authorization and administration mechanism in access control can not satisfy the administrative requirements in process collaboration environments. In this paper, we propose a domain based administration model for task-role based access control (DATRBAC), in which the authorization and administration permissions are distributed to multiple administrative domains and administrative roles. Then we propose the solution to detect and resolve the conflicts between access control policies defined by different administrative roles. We also described the implementation of the model in the PLM product and the experiments based on the practical application data.
7BE4C462	We present an approach that uses special purpose role-based access control (RBAC) constraints to base certain access control decisions on context information. In our approach a context constraint is defined as a dynamic RBAC constraint that checks the actual values of one or more contextual attributes for predefined conditions. If these conditions are satisfied, the corresponding access request can be permitted. Accordingly, a conditional permission is an RBAC permission that is constrained by one or more context constraints. We present an engineering process for context constraints that is based on goal-oriented requirements engineering techniques, and describe how we extended the design and implementation of an existing RBAC service to enable the enforcement of context constraints. With our approach we aim to preserve the advantages of RBAC and offer an additional means for the definition and enforcement of fine-grained context-dependent access control policies.
7EE8A78F	The distributed cooperation environment is applied more and more in many departments and enterprises. But the traditional RBAC96 model can't resolve the access control problems in the distributed cooperation environment. Based on the traditional RBAC96 model, this paper proposes the dRBAC model which adds delegation mechanism contrast to the RBAC96 model. This model can efficiently resolve the access control problem in the distributed cooperation environment.
80D3B5C0	Role engineering, the task of defining roles and associating permissions  to them,  is essential to realize the full benefits of the role-based access control paradigm.  Essentially, there are two basic approaches to accomplish this: the topdown and the bottom-up . The top-down approach relies on a careful analysis of the business processes to define job functions and then specify appropriate roles from them.  While this approach can aid in defining roles more accurately, it is tedious and time consuming since it requires that the semantics of the business processes be well understood. Moreover, it ignores existing permissions within an organization and does not utilize them. On the other hand, the bottomup approach starts with existing permissions and attempts to derive roles from them, thus helping to automate role definition.  In this paper, we present an unsupervised approach called RoleMiner that mines roles from existing userpermission assignments. Since a role is nothing but a set of permissions, when no semantics are available, the task of role mining is essentially that of clustering users that have same (or similar)  permissions.   However,  unlike the traditional applications of data mining that ideally require identification of non-overlapping clusters, roles will have overlapping permission needs and thus permission sets that define roles should be allowed to overlap. It is this distinction from traditional clustering that makes the problem of role mining non-trivial.  Our experiments with real and simulated data sets indicate that our role mining process is quite accurate and efficient
59D0ACAC	Protecting information against unauthorized access is a key issue in information system security. Advanced access control models and mechanisms have now become necessary for applications and systems due to emerging acts, such as the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act (HIPAA) and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) is a viable alternative to traditional discretionary and mandatory access control. RBAC has been shown to be cost effective and is being employed in various application domains on account of its characteristics: rich specification, policy neutrality, separation of duty relations, principle of least privilege, and ease of management. Existing RBAC approaches support time-, content- and purpose-based, as well as context-aware and other forms of access control policies that are useful for developing secure systems. Although considerable amount of effort has been spent on policy specification aspects, relatively much less attention has been paid towards flexible enforcement of various aspects of RBAC approaches. Furthermore, current approaches are inadequate, as many applications and systems require the more dynamic and expressive event pattern constraints. In this thesis, we have focused on several aspects of RBAC, including generalization and enforcement of RBAC, by exploiting and extending a well-established event-based framework that has a solid theoretical foundation. Specifically, we have addressed the following problems and made the following contributions: Enforcement of existing RBAC Approaches: Security mechanisms are required for enforcing security policies. We have provided a flexible event-based technique for enforcing the RBAC standard and other current extensions in a uniform manner using an event framework. We have extended the event specification and detection with interval-based semantics for event operators and alternative actions for active rules. Generalization of RBAC and Snoop: We have generalized RBAC policies with expressive event pattern constraints. We have shown how to model diverse constraints, such as precedence, dependency, non-occurrence, and their combinations, using event patterns that are not available in existing RBAC approaches. Event patterns are event expressions that have simple and complex events as constituent events and they control the state change. Snoop, an event specification language, provides the basis for extensions needed to support the generalized RBAC. The generalization of RBAC using constraints based on event patterns can be accomplished by the extended Snoop. Enforcement of Generalized RBAC: We have shown the modeling and enforcement of generalized RBAC policies using the extended local event detector (LED). We have introduced event registrar graphs for capturing simple and complex event occurrences and keeping track of event patterns. We have also shown how RBAC with expressive event pattern constraints can be enforced using event registrar graphs. When compared to other mechanisms, the proposed event-based enforcement mechanism has the advantage of using the same framework for both policy specification and enforcement. We have briefly explored identification and handling of policy conflicts. Usability in RBAC: We have enhanced the usability of RBAC by adding an intelligent module for discovering roles and guiding (or prompting) the user to acquire appropriate roles for performing operations on objects. This approach relieves the user from the details of role-permission assignment and allows concentrating on their task. We have developed several algorithms for discovering roles, and analyzed their complexity and effectiveness. Novel Applications: We have developed various applications for demonstrating the applicability of the results obtained in this thesis. i) We have shown how role-based security policies can be supported in web gateways using a smart push-pull approach. ii) We have shown how event operators based on interval-based semantics can be utilized for information filtering. iii) We provided an integrated model for advanced data stream applications that supports not only stream processing but also complicated event and rule processing. We have also shown how the integrated model can be utilized for a network fault management system. This thesis is a first step in the direction of bridging the gap that currently exists between policy specification and enforcement. By mapping RBAC policies using a framework (event-based in our case) that can be incorporated with the underlying system in various ways (integrated, layered, wrapper-based, and distributed), we have not only extended RBAC to make it more useful, but also shown how the extended specifications can be mapped and enforced. This combination of specification and enforcement using a common framework forms the core contribution of the thesis.
7F2E99F7	Healthcare is information driven and knowledge driven. Good healthcare depends on making decisions at the right time and place, using the right patient data and applicable knowledge. Communication is of utmost relevance in today's healthcare settings, in that delivery of care, research, and management all depend on sharing information. The proposed system can securely gather, integrate, and display distributed medical information using mobile-agent technology and agent-driven security
77CFD776	The Role Based Access Control (RBAC) model and mechanism have proven to be useful and effective. T his is clear from the many RBAC implementations in commercial products. However, there are many common examples where access decisions must include other factors, in particular, relationships between entities, such as , the user, the object to be accessed, and the subject of the i nformation contained within the object. Such relationships are often not efficiently represented using traditional static se curity attributes centrally administered. Furthermore, the extension of RBAC models to include relationships obscures the fundamental RBAC metaphor. This paper furthers the concept of relationships fo r use in access control, and it shows how relationships can be supported in role based access decisions by using t he Object Management Group's (OMG) Resource Access Decision facility (RAD). This facility allows relat ionship information, which can dynamically change as part o f normal application processing, to be used in access decisions by applications. By using RAD, the access decision logic is separate from application logic. In addition, RAD allows access decision logic from dif ferent models to be combined into a single access decision . Each access control model is thus able to retain its met aphor.
7740926C	This paper describes the design and development of a flexible, customer driven, security infrastructure for open collaborative environments. The experiences were gained within the framework of the collaboratory.nl project. The work is based on extended use of emerging Web services and grid security technologies, combined with concepts from the generic authentication authorization and accounting (AAA) authorisation framework. Basic CNL use cases and functional security requirements are analysed to provide motivation for the proposed job-centric security model. This model describes access control and user- and resource management. The proposed job-centric approach uses a job description as a semantic document that is created on the basis of the signed order (or business agreement). It contains all the information required to run the experiment and also to create/manage the virtual job-based associations of users and resources. The proposed trust relations analysis explains the use of trust anchors in the job-centric security model. In addition, the paper provides implementation details of using XACML and SAML for authorisation assertions and messaging, based on the current CNL implementation
7E7D4978	In this paper, we present static verification of security requirements for CSCW systems using finite-state techniques, i.e., model checking. The coordination and security constraints of CSCW systems are specified using a role based collaboration model. The verification ensures completeness and consistency of the specification given global requirements. We have developed several verification models to check security properties, such as task-flow constraints, information flow or confidentiality, and assignment of administrative privileges. The primary contribution of this paper is a methodology for verification of security requirements during designing collaboration systems.
810701CB	Role-based access control, where object accesses are controlled by roles (or job functions) is a more feasible alternative to traditional access control mechanisms. Constraints play a critical role in realizing and providing finegrained RBAC in diverse domains such as P2P and grid computing. In this paper, we have shown how events and authorization rules are used to provide fine-grained RBAC. First, simple events are identified for the RBAC domain. Second, various event operators for modeling constraints such as precedence, non-occurrence, dependency and their combinations are introduced. Third, how event-based RBAC policies are specified using both simple and complex events are discussed. Finally, how the proposed fine-grained RBAC policies can be exploited for P2P resource management is discussed
7CCF112E	Access control needs to be more flexible and fine-grained to support cooperative tasks and processes performed by dynamic teams. This can be done by applying state-of-the- art role-based access control (RBAC) technology. This paper examines how to integrate RBAC in a team-based organization context and how to apply such access control to hypermedia structures. Based on the analysis of these issues, a team-and-role-based access control model is proposed, which describes various aspects of role-based access control in cooperative hypermedia environments. The model has been implemented in CHIPS, a cooperative hypermedia-based process support system. Application examples demonstrate that its organizational context management and access permission authorization retain the simplicity of RBAC. Our extensions provide effective and flexible access control for managing various kinds of shared workspaces, especially shared process spaces, where access control is not only used for managing security, but also for supporting coordination. 
7AEDF09A	With the boom of Internet Technology, it becomes possible to combine designers from different disciplines into one team to support product design globally. In this paper, a distributed collaborative product design environment is presented to support top-down process oriented product design. In conceptual design stage, the artifact is managed by semantic norm model (SNM). In SNM, the designers can define virtual components at early design stage and instantiate those components at later detailed design stage. By role-based access control (RBAC), different roles with corresponding permissions could be assigned to distributed designers, and the designers could concurrently modify different components of the product relevant to his or her roles. Based on the SNM and RBAC system, a distributed collaborative product design environment is developed and the top-down oriented product design process is demonstrated.
7DA28104	Devising a complete and correct set of roles has been recognized as one of the most important and challenging tasks in implementing role based access control. A key problem related to this is the notion of goodness/interestingness -- when is a role good/interesting? In this paper, we define the role mining problem (RMP) as the problem of discovering an optimal set of roles from existing user permissions. The main contribution of this paper is to formally define RMP, and analyze its theoretical bounds. In addition to the above basic RMP, we introduce two different variations of the RMP, called the δ-approx RMP and the Minimal Noise RMP that have pragmatic implications. We reduce the known "set basis problem" to RMP to show that RMP is an NP-complete problem. An important contribution of this paper is also to show the relation of the role mining problem to several problems already identified in the data mining and data analysis literature. By showing that the RMP is in essence reducible to these known problems, we can directly borrow the existing implementation solutions and guide further research in this direction.
7319FC1E	Several advanced Role based access control (RBAC) models have been developed supporting specific features (i.e.: role hierarchy, separation of duty) to achieve high flexibility. However, integrating additional features also increases their design complexity, and consequently the opportunity for mistakes that may cause information to flow to inappropriate destinations. In this paper, we present a formal technique to model and analyze RBAC using Colored Petri nets (CP-nets) and CPNtools for editing and analyzing CP-nets. Our purpose is to elaborate a CP-net model which describes generic access control structures based on an RBAC policy. The resulting CP-net model can be then composed with different context-specific aspects depending on the application. A significant benefit of CP-nets and, particularly, CPNtools is to provide a graphical representation and an analysis framework that can be used by security administrators to understand why some permissions are granted or not and to detect whether security constraints are violated.
80139700	With the fast development of high speed wireless technologies and the growing population of mobile portable devices, location information is potentially available for access control systems.Such applications are especially meaningful in emergency situations, where quick responses are urgently required for persons to be physically present in a certain place to perform sensitive tasks without conflicting with security policies. In this paper, we investigate this challenging problem and propose a novel Constraint-based Authorization Management Model, which takes the mobile execution of tasks with handheld devices into account. The authorizations are activated by means of Location Based Execution Binding to handle uncertain conditions such as flexible business processes and emergency situations, considering both the user's location and attributes. With the introduced algorithms the model is capable of execution planning to detect and avoid inconsistencies in the security constraints of activities at design and runtime. Finally we propose a system architecture based on Web service technologies and a XACML based syntax for defining the security constraints.
7FDCDF8C	Multi-domain application environments where distributed domains interoperate with each other are becoming a reality in Internet-based enterprise applications. The secure interoperation in a multi- domain environment is a challenging problem. Role- based access control (RBAC) is used for specifying the security requirements of multi-domain applications in this paper. Then, role mapping relationship between domains is described by XML documents. Furthermore, the situations where dynamic role mapping violates separation of duties (SoD) which is one of the three basic security principles for the RBAC model are analyzed in detail, and relevant algorithms to detect the above security problem are designed in this paper.
7DF8F415	The Internet enables connectivity between many strangers: entities that don't know each other. We present the Trust Policy Language (TPL), used to define the mapping of strangers to predefined business roles, based on certificates issued by third parties. TPL is expressive enough to allow complex policies, e.g. non-monotone (negative) certificates, while being simple enough to allow automated policy checking and processing. Issuers of certificates are either known in advance, or provide sufficient certificates to be considered a trusted authority according to the policy. This allows bottom-up, "grass roots" buildup of trust, as in the real world. We extend, rather than replace, existing role based access control mechanisms. This provides a simple, modular architecture and easy migration from existing systems. Our system automatically collects missing certificates from peer servers. In particular this allows use of standard browsers, which pass only one certificate to the server. We describe our implementation, which can be used as an extension of a Web server or as a separate server with interface to applications.
76A59A90	The role metaphor in Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is particularly powerful in its ability to express access policy in terms of the way in which administrators view organizations. Much of the effort in providing administrative tools for RBAC has been devoted to tools for associating users with roles and roles with roles. This paper introduces the concept of an “Object Access Type” and describes the tool “RGP-Admin” for administering associations between roles and permissions using Object Access Types. RGP-Admin is applicable to most RBAC mechanisms and Access Control List mechanisms which support groups. A prototype demonstration of RGPAdmin was developed to illustrate how Object Access Types are used to manage associations between Windows NT groups, representing roles, and file permissions within the Windows NT File System.
5CF44CAD	This paper analyzes and compares role-based access control (RBAC) features supported in the most recent versions of three popular commercial database management systems: Informix Online Dynamic Server Version 7.2, Oracle Enterprise Server Version 8.0 and Sybase Adaptive Server Release 11.5. We categorize RBAC features under three broad areas: user role assignment, support for role relationships and constraints, and assignable privileges. Our finding is that these products provide a sound basis for implementing the basic features of RBAC, although there are significant differences. In particular, Informix restricts users to a single active role at any time, while Oracle and Sybase allow multiple roles to be activated simultaneously as per the user's selection. All three provide support for role hierarchies, but Sybase is the only one to directly support mutual exclusion of roles. 
814B8263	This paper proposes a context-aware security service providing multiple authentications and authorization from a Security Level which is decided dynamically in a context-aware environment. It helps developers build secure services efficiently. A security service in a dynamic environment uses Multi-Attribute Utility Theory and extended Generalized Role-Based Access Control. The system uses attribute values in GRBAC to calculate the Security Level, and extend the GRBAC. We expect this model to be widely used in providing flexible security services in a heterogeneous network.
781BD0DF	Role-based access control (RBAC) models have been successfully implemented in various information systems in recent years. However, the traditional centralized authorization and administration mechanisms in RBAC have several drawbacks in collaborative environments. In this paper, we propose a distributed domain administration of RBAC model, DARBAC, in which the authorization and administration privileges are distributed to multiple administrative domains. Each administrative role is assigned to an administrative domain and can only execute administrative operations within its domain. By introducing the concept of administrative domain and administrative role hierarchy, the DARBAC model can flexibly meet the access control requirements in collaborative environments. We also describe how to implement the model in the PLM product and how to apply the model in a distributed enterprise environment to support cooperative work
5EDB0A93	This paper describes the design and specification of a roles and rights mark-up language (R2ML) that provides a role based access control policy for applications executing in a distributed e-commerce environment. The R2ML language was written using XML and a test trading application (AUTONET) was developed using the Java enterprise environment (J2EE). The aim of the test application was to implement a basic B2B application that would interact with the R2ML language to enforce secure application access control.
7A866AB1	Aiming at the lack of adequate and flexible access control in 3D virtual environment when used in education, according to RBAC model, we present an authority control method which can manage manipulations to all objects, e.g. a variety of assets, avatars, scripts and network communication pipes in 3D virtual environment. The proposed technique overcomes the insufficiency on access control aspect in original platform, and provides more powerful and fexible ability on it. We experiment with the method in OpenSim, a free open source 3D virtual platform, the results show its effectiveness and versatility.
7B269C6F	Role mining from the existing permissions has been widely applied to aid the process of migrating to an RBAC system. While all permissions are treated evenly in previous approaches, none of the work has employed the weights of permissions in role mining to our knowledge, thus providing the motivation for this work. In this paper, we generalize this to the case where permissions are given weights to reflect their importance to the system. The weights can correspond to the property of operations, the sensitive degree of objects, and the attribute of users associated with permissions. To calculate the weight of permissions, we introduce the concept of similarity between both users and permissions, and use a similarity matrix to reinforce the similarity between permissions. Then we create a link between the reinforced similarity and the weight of permissions. We further propose a weighted role mining algorithm to generate roles based on weights. Experiments on performance study prove the superiority of the new algorithm.
84F9647D	 The main objective of this thesis is to define a high level logical language that can express complex security policies within an access control framework. The development of this language is done in three steps. First we define a role based dynamic framework where the state evolution of a service depends on the execution of its functionalities. Next we define an attribute based framework that gives more expressivity in terms of specification of access control conditions and add the notion of workflow that gives an order over the execution of the service functionalities and thus allows the definition of the general behavior of the service. Finally, in order to take into account the collaboration between different services we add a trust negotiation layer that allows each service to define its own exchange policy with respect to other services in the environment. Having such a unified framework facilitates the safety analysis of the security policy since one can take into account the different factors that influence the access control decisions within the same framework. Thus the second objective of this thesis is to study the main access control features such as delegation and separation of duty properties on the one hand and the security features for the communication between the services at the trust negotiation level on the other hand. 
5A5E305C	Despite numerous advantages that cloud computing offer (e.g., Flexibility, elasticity, scalability, etc.), many potential clients are still hesitant to join the cloud due to their security and privacy concerns. Outsourcing the data to a cloud in a multitenant environment brings many security challenges including data leaks, threats, and malicious attacks. The cloud computing platform, virtual servers, and the provider's services are highly dynamic and diverse in nature, making the traditional access control mechanisms (e.g., Firewalls and VLAN etc.) less effective in controlling the unauthorized access to cloud's data and resources. Several access control policies and authorization system have been proposed in literature to defend against cloud security threats. Most of these systems are designed to work with one or more access control policies. However, little work has been done to develop generic access control architecture capable to work with most of the available access control policies. In this paper, we present a new access control architecture using a global resource management system (GRMS) to effectively handle both local and remote access requests. The introduction of GRMS makes our proposed architecture semi distributed at the expense of minimal request-response time. In addition, our proposed architecture works effectively with both peered access control module (PACM) and virtual resource manager (VRM) to protect and manage all resources and services of cloud providers from unauthorized access.
758B37CF	The research communitiy has shown considerable interest in studying access control in single Trusted Operating Systems (TOS). However, interactions among multiple TOSs have attracted relatively little attention. In this paper, we propose a Collaborative Role-Based Access Control (C-RBAC) model for distributed systems in which accesses across system domain boundaries are allowed. Access entities in a TOS vary in time. The changes in the organizational structure of the access entities in one system may influence other cooperating systems. In addition, policyfreeness, domain and rule conflicts are possible. These problems restrict the flexibility and scalability of coordination. We propose drafting a metacomponent to play the role of a coordinator in multi-domain role-based access control. It is then possible to impart flexibility and scalability in a secure fashion. Experimental studies of the proposed model with the Network File System and SELinux system support our conclusion.
0CFD8AA9	In this paper, we extended hierarchial structure of managed object class to support Role-Based Access Control, and described constraint conditions that have support dynamic temporal function as well as statical temporal function established by management process. And we defined about violation notifications should report to manager when rules violate constraint conditions. Also we presented system architecture that support RBAC with MIB(Management Information Base) of ITU-T recommendation. By access control enforcement and decision function, constraint conditions and activated translation procedure of each roles are described, our system presents dynamic temporal property systematically.
77B34D29	Security analysis is a formal verification technique to ascertain certain desirable guarantees on the access control policy specification. Given a set of access control policies, a general safety requirement in such a system is to determine whether a desirable property is satisfied in all the reachable states. Such an analysis calls for the use of formal verification techniques. While formal analysis on traditional Role Based Access Control (RBAC) has been done to some extent, recent extensions to RBAC lack such an analysis. In this paper, we consider the temporal RBAC extensions and propose a formal technique using timed automata to perform security analysis by analyzing both safety and liveness properties. Using safety properties one ensures that something bad never happens while liveness properties show that some good state is also achieved. GTRBAC is a well accepted generalized temporal RBAC model which can handle a wide range of temporal constraints while specifying different access control policies. Analysis of such a model involves a process of mapping a GTRBAC based system into a state transition system. Different reduction rules are proposed to simplify the modeling process depending upon the constraints supported by the system. The effect of different constraints on the modeling process is also studied.
7F9C8A74	Devising a complete and correct set of roles has been recognized as one of the most important and challenging tasks in implementing role based access control. A key problem related to this is the notion of goodness - when is a set of roles good? Recently, the role mining problem (RMP) has been defined as the problem of discovering an optimal set of roles from existing user permissions. Several different objectives for optimality have been proposed. However, one problem with these definitions is that often organizations already have a deployed set of roles and wish to optimize this set. Even if an optimal set of roles is discovered, if this is widely different, it is impossible to simply throw out the deployed roles and start using the new ones as this may disrupt organizational processes and separation of duty constraints that are defined on roles. Essentially, what is missing is taking role migration cost into account when defining optimality, which would allow us to come up with the best suited set of roles.In this paper, we define a fundamentally different Role Mining Problem that takes the problem of deployed roles into account. We define the Minimal Perturbation RMP as the problem of discovering an optimal set of roles from existing user permissions that are similar to the currently deployed roles. In order to do this, we discuss the concept of similarity of roles and propose suitable definitions. Solutions also need to be parameterized to set relative weight of similarity and minimality to find the optimal set. We propose a heuristic solution based on the previously developed FastMiner algorithm that meets these requirements. We demonstrate the effectiveness of the algorithm through our experimental results.
7EC8D1E3	The development of internet has made cooperation among distributed organizations become a reality. Access control in such distributed cooperation environment is a challenge problem as new environment introduces new requirements. Considerable recent works incorporate RBAC into distributed cooperation environment by role mapping; however, role mapping approach has a number of problems, such as security violation problems and access permission leakage. In this paper, we proposed a role-based access control model called RBAC-DC to meet new requirements of distributed cooperation environment. In stead by role mapping, RBAC-DC achieves cooperation by service providing domain providing roles, permissions of those roles and user-role assignment privilege of those roles to service requesting domain. Besides, RBAC-DC disables transitivity of access permissions among domains. RBAC-DC achieves the goal of meeting new requirements of distributed cooperation environment, and has a set of properties compared to role mapping approach, such as maximizing degree of cooperation and more control power.
80BAC20D	Traditional access control disciplines such as RBAC has difficulty in covering open and decentralized multi-centric systems because it has focused on a closed system where all users are known and primarily utilizes a server-side reference monitor within the system. Trust management has relaxed this known user restriction and allowed authorize for strangers based on their credentials. However, trust management has also been found to be lacking because of certain inherent drawbacks with the notion of credential. In this work, a new access control model T&RBAC is presented in this paper. It integrates RBAC and TM. User can be assigned to local roles, also can be assigned to foreign roles based on his credential and local roles. We proof that there is no security constraints in T&RBAC. To some extends, T&RBAC is only a core model and can be extended for specific requirement.
68FAA330	The discretionary access controls (DAC) employed by traditional operating systems only provide system administrators and users with a loose ability to specify the security policies of the system. In contrast, mandatory access controls (MAC) provide a stronger, finer-grained mechanism for specifying and enforcing system security policies. A related security concept called the principle of least authority (POLA) states that subjects should only have access to the specific resources that they absolutely require to function properly at any given time.Although a number of existing projects (Plash and Polaris) seek to provide POLA implementations, these are not enforced using strong MAC. Conversely, existing MAC implementations (SELinux and AppArmor) do not provide rigorous POLA because they do not provide an effective mechanism for dynamic policy modification based on user preferences.This paper presents our solution to fill this void, called the Pluggable User-space Linux Security Environment (PULSE), which implements a MAC enforced, dynamic, user-level POLA implementation. Through the use of user-space plug-ins to specify security policy, PULSE provides a high degree of dynamism, flexibility and usability which is not available in existing security architectures.
59CF8251	An RBAC (Role Based Access Control) based and policy enforcement coordination (RBPEC) model suitable in Internet environment is described. Coordination deals with the interaction between different agents and also between agents and surrounding environments. A set of agents interacting with each other for a common global system task constitutes a coordination group. Coordination is combined with access control in RBPEC model. Role based access control is introduced for security concerns. Coordination policy is enforced in a distributed manner. The model has two advantages of being secure and scalable.
7F77E68B	To ensure correct implementation of complex access control requirements, it is important that the validated and verified requirements are effectively integrated with the rest of the system. It is also important that the system can be validated and verified early in the development process. In this paper we present an integrated, role-based access control model. The model is based on the graphical behavior tree notation, and can be validated by simulation, as well as verified using a model checker. Using this model, access control requirements can be integrated with the rest of the system from the outset, because: a single notation is used to express both access control and functional requirements; a systematic and incremental approach to constructing a formal behavior tree specification can be adopted; and the specification can be simulated and model checked. The effectiveness of the model is evaluated using a case study with distributed access control requirements.	
7B46D51E	The paper shows how role-based access control (RBAC) models could be implemented using CORBA Security service. A configuration of CORBA protection system is defined. We provide definitions of RBACo and RBACl implementations in the framework of CORBA Security and describe what is required from an implementation of CORBA Security service in order to support RBACoRBACs models. 
7AC4D6CE	In the future, a largely invisible and ubiquitous computing infrastructure will assist people with a variety of activities in the home and at work. The applications that will be deployed in such systems will create and manipulate private information and will provide access to a variety of other resources. Securing such applications is challenging for a number of reasons. Unlike traditional systems where access control has been explored, access decisions may depend on the context in which requests are made. We show how the well-developed notion of roles can be used to capture security-relevant context of the environment in which access requests are made. By introducing environment roles, we create a uniform access control framework that can be used to secure context-aware applications. We also present a security architecture that supports security policies that make use of environment roles to control access to resources.
6164F309	The establishment of globalization is driving inter- organizational collaboration towards a necessity. We cannot expect total conformity between organizations nor homogeneous security settings. Nevertheless, each organization, with its own security policies, needs to exchange data. Employees involved in inter-organizational tasks shall require remote access to data hosted by other organizations. Administrating access control policies for those employees creates problems for security officers, particularly for role assignments. Flexibility in extending (or restricting) permissions for roles imported from other organizations is required. In this work, we present an approach based on Description Logic formalisms to create from the inter-organizational agreement a set of bridge rules that in addition to (i) the permissions assigned to a given role from one organization and (ii) the permissions assigned to another role in the other organization, allows security officers to check consistency of the resulting combination of roles from both organizations.
771A3CDF	Access control is used in computer systems to control access to confidential data. In this thesis we focus on access control for dynamic collaborative environments where multiple users and systems access and exchange data in an ad hoc manner. In such environments it is difficult to protect confidential data using conventional access control systems, because users act in unpredictable ways. In this thesis we propose a new access control framework, called Auditbased Compliance Control (AC2). In AC2 user actions are not checked immediately (a-priori), like in conventional access control, but users must account for their actions at a later time (a-posteriori), by providing machinecheckable justification proofs to auditors. The logical proofs are based on policies received from other users, and other logged actions. AC2 has a rich policy language based on first-order logics, and it features an automated audit procedure. AC2 allows users to exchange and access confidential data in an ad hoc manner, and thus collaborate more easily. Applied in a medical setting, for example, doctors would be able to continue their work, regardless of authorization issues such as missing patient consent, and missing or outdated policies. Doctors can deal with these issues at a later time. Although this unconventional approach may seem, at first sight, inappropriate for practical applications, recently a similar design choice has been made for the Dutch national infrastructure for the exchange of electronic health records (AORTA). At the same time we are aware of the fact that it is a big step for organizations to change from a conventional access control mechanism (apriori) to a new mechanism. In this thesis we also take a more conventional approach by proposing two extensions to Role-based Access Control (RBAC) - an existing and widely used access control model. These extensions give users more ways of authorizing and deploying RBAC policy changes, thus favoring dynamic collaboration between users.
7E1DFC66	Advance technologies in decentralized systems are the new building block of today's Internet and provide interoperability among heterogeneous databases. In these environments, interoperation and information sharing are one of the most critical issues. Interoperability enables users to access database in different domain. Furthermore, government, financial and medical institutions more require secure collaboration to share their data with organizations. However secure collaboration has many challenging problem in multi-domain environments. In this paper, we propose secure collaboration to effectively share resource by reconcilement structure. Proposed scheme is based on Role Based Access Control (RBAC) to support flexible control. In decentralized RBAC-based system, the number of roles can be in the hundreds or thousands and they share information among dispersed domains. We present solution which regulates the interoperability.
76C335C7	The focus of this paper is on a specification model for defining security and coordination policies for distributed collaboration and workflow systems. This work is motivated by the objective to build distributed collaboration systems from their high level specifications. We identify here unique requirements for secure collaboration, specifically role admission and activation constraints, separation of duties, dynamic access control, and a model for multiuser participation in a role. We present a role-based model for specifying coordination and dynamic security requirements in collaboration systems. It also supports hierarchical structuring of a large collaboration environment using the concept of activities, which define a naming scope and a protection domain to specify security and coordination policies. We have implemented this specification model in XML and used it to construct the runtime environments for distributed collaboration systems using a policy based middleware.
77C46276	The suitability of Role Based Access Control (RBAC) is being challenged in dynamic environments like healthcare. In an RBAC system, a user's legitimate access may be denied if their need has not been anticipated by the security administrator at the time of policy specification. Alternatively, even when the policy is correctly specified an authorised user may accidentally or intentionally misuse the granted permission. The heart of the challenge is the intrinsic unpredictability of users' operational needs as well as their incentives to misuse permissions. In this paper we propose a novel Budget-aware Role Based Access Control (B-RBAC) model that extends RBAC with the explicit notion of budget and cost, where users are assigned a limited budget through which they pay for the cost of permissions they need. We propose a model where the value of resources are explicitly defined and an RBAC policy is used as a reference point to discriminate the price of access permissions, as opposed to representing hard and fast rules for making access decisions. This approach has several desirable properties. It enables users to acquire unassigned permissions if they deem them necessary. However, users misuse capability is always bounded by their allocated budget and is further adjustable through the discrimination of permission prices. Finally, it provides a uniform mechanism for the detection and prevention of misuses.
7B9A1652	In order to implement role-based controls in operational environments, they must be represented and managed in a secure manner, desirably leveraging other security infrastructure elements. Attribute certification is an emerging technology area, extending authentication- oriented public-key infrastructures (PIUS) to support authorization facilities. It allows a wide range of authorization decision criteria to be managed in a coordinated fashion. In particular, it  offers facilities that can be applied usefully and effectively to manage and delegate role-related attributes within distributed and mutually suspicious computing environments, minimizing unnecessary trust in intermediaries. As such, its definition and adoption affords opportunities for increasing support of role-based policies, Consistent with separation of duties, it allows attribute management to be separated from identity and user management. This paper considers aspects of attribute certification, examines current proposals in the area, and assesses the technology’s value for controlled support of delegation and role-based policies within distributed environments. 
80A7BFD2	Roles are a powerful concept for facilitating distributed systems management. It has been accepted as a good solution for information sharing based on the research of KB AC (role-based access control). Although no explicit roles are declared in traditional CSCW (computer-supported-cooperative work) systems, there are implicit roles granted in the design. Consequently, we may infer that "without roles, there would be no collaboration". There is, however, a lack of specific, comprehensive research on building collaborative systems with role management and on role-based methods that have been successfully used in access control. This paper aims to clarify the basic problems related to the research of role-based collaboration and to propose a basic method to do that research.
7D5C6D1E	E-commerce applications have diverse security requirements ranging from business-to-business over business-to-consumer to consumer-to-consumer types of applications. This range of requirements cannot be handled adequately by one single security model although role-based access controls (RBAC) depict a promising fundament for generic high-level security. Furthermore, RBAC is well researched but rather incompletely realized in most of the current backend as well as business layer systems. Security mechanisms have often been added to existing software causing many of the well-known deficiencies found in most software products. However, with the rise of component-based software development security models can also be made available for reuse. Therefore, we present a general-purpose software framework providing security mechanisms such as authentication, access controls, and auditing for Java software development. The framework is called GAMMA (Generic Authorization Mechanisms for Multi-Tier Applications) and offers multiple high-level security models (including the aforementioned RBAC) that may even be used concurrently to cover such diverse security requirements as found within e-commerce environments.
7E45C5B9	Object-oriented security mechanisms can provide scalable, fine-grained access control in both applications and at the boundary controller. Existing commercial work has neglected fine-grained access control at the boundary controller. Standards organizations have also neglected security management issues that are vital for scalability. This research focuses on role-based access control mechanisms for CORBA and Java RMI. The resulting approach has been tested through a variety of methods and integrated with several other research prototypes. We describe our access control implementations and the results of our testing and integration activities.
7A8D96DF	Recently, the importance of including obligations as part of access control systems for privilege management, for example, in healthcare information systems, has been well recognized. In an access control system, an a posteriori obligation states which actions need to be performed by a user after he has accessed a resource. There is no guarantee that a user will fulfill a posteriori obligations. Not fulfilling these obligations may incur financial loss, or loss of goodwill and productivity to the organization. In this paper, we propose a trust-and-obligation based framework that reduces the risk exposure of an organization associated with a posteriori obligations. We propose a methodology to assign trust values to users to indicate how trustworthy they are with regards to fulfilling their obligations. When access requests that trigger a posteriori obligations are evaluated, the requesting users' trust values and the criticality of the associated obligations are used. Our framework detects and mitigates insider attacks and unintentional damages that may result from violating a posteriori obligations. Our framework also provides mechanisms to determine misconfigurations of obligation policies. We evaluate our framework through simulations and demonstrate its effectiveness.
6E512098	This paper presents a role-based decomposition model for improving concurrency in distributed object-oriented software development environments. In software development process, the target software system consists of a large number of components closely related with one another. This results in potential operation conflicts in cooperative works among the project members. This problem can be much reduced by decomposing the target software system into the relatively independent components. Our system incorporates hierarchical role-based decomposition model to reduce operation conflicts frequently occur in synchronous/asynchronous collaboration. The decomposed components are also used as basic units of the role-based access control. Once the target software system is properly decomposed according to this model, its subsystems can migrate to the other sites, and thus, the components can be evenly distributed over networked computers.
795D8755	With Role Based Access Control (RBAC), each role is associated with a set of operations which a user in that role may perform. The power of RBAC as an access control mechanism is the concept that an operation may theoretically be anything. This is contrasted to other access control mechanisms where bits or labels are associated with information blocks. These bits or labels indicate relatively simple operations, such as, read or write, which can be performed on an information block. Operations in RBAC may be arbitrarily complex, e.g., 'a night surgical nurse can only append surgical information to a patient record from a workstation in the operating theater while on duty in that operating theater from midnight to 8 AM.' A goal for implementing RBAC is to allow operations associated with roles to be as general as possible while not adversely impacting the administrative flexibility or the behavior of applications. 
58918DD9	Recently research is focused on security policy integration and conflict reconciliation among various healthcare organizations. However, challenging security and privacy risks issues still arisen during sharing sensitive patient data in different large distributed organizations. In this paper, we proposed an approach for integrating security policies based on Role-Based Access Control (RBAC) policy model that supports dynamic constraint rules and meta data information, reduces policy redundancy and resolves conflicts based on the types of policy redundancy and conflict. We believe this work can support dynamic updates and control policies in collaborative environments.
2471C250	The research communitiy has shown considerable interest in studying access control in single Trusted Operating Systems (TOS). However, interactions among multiple TOSs have attracted relatively little attention. In this paper, we propose a Collaborative Role-Based Access Control (C-RBAC) model for distributed systems in which accesses across system domain boundaries are allowed. Access entities in a TOS vary in time. The changes in the organizational structure of the access entities in one system may influence other cooperating systems. In addition, policyfreeness, domain and rule conflicts are possible. These problems restrict the flexibility and scalability of coordination. We propose drafting a metacomponent to play the role of a coordinator in multi-domain role-based access control. It is then possible to impart flexibility and scalability in a secure fashion. Experimental studies of the proposed model with the Network File System and SELinux system support our conclusion.
5F1C2EDC	In the Internet-age, the geographical boundaries that have previously impinged upon inter-organization collaborations have become decreasingly important. However, ensuring secure and authorized access to remote services and information resource in a dynamic collaborative environment is a challenging task. According to some recent literatures, trust between users in different security domains or organizations is an effective method to this problem. However, only trust is not enough because of the complexity and burden of authorization. So we integrate role into our trust model to simplify the management of access control. Moreover, in order to make the dynamic collaboration between different domains more secure, we present the constraint to authorization and operations of the users in foreign domains.