8103666D	Network coding is an emerging technique of packet forwarding that encodes the packets at the relay node to increase the throughput of a relaying network. Analog network coding (ANC) encodes the packets by superposing the signals at the physical layer, which can further bring throughput improvements. In this paper, we first analyze the coding procedure of ANC and elaborate the fact that the maximum possible number of coding nodes in ANC is two for common wireless transceivers. Then, we propose a rate adaptation scheme for ANC. We show that the transmission powers of nodes affect the data rate and that transmitting at the maximum power is not always optimal. Based on this observation, we propose a method of finding the optimal transmission power that maximizes the data rate. We also discuss some issues that need to be considered when implementing the proposed scheme in practical wireless systems. Then, the performance of the proposed scheme is evaluated through extensive simulations. The simulation results show that the proposed joint rate and power adaptation scheme outperforms ANC without power adaptation and that it is beneficial over other relaying schemes in a broad range of scenarios of mobile and vehicular applications
7E594DD8	New distributed dynamic channel assignment algorithms for a multihop packet radio network are introduced. The algorithms ensure conflict-free transmissions by the nodes of the network. The basic idea of the algorithms is to split the shared channel into a control segment and a transmission segment. The control segment is used to avoid conflicts among nodes and to increase the utilization of the transmission segment. It is shown how these algorithms can be used in order to determine time-division multiple access (TDMA) cycles with spatial reuse of the channel
7E77B808	GIS is a good spatial analysis tool, nevertheless, as the accumulation of spatial data, the functions that GIS offers are not enough. Spatial data mining, which can automatically discover implicit knowledge from spatial data, has recently received wide attention. However, the spatial data mining systems are not competent for preprocessing and presenting spatial data. Hence, the idea to integrate spatial data mining and GIS is straightforward. In this paper, we propose a novel method to integrate spatial data mining and GIS. This method is implemented with SPMML, an XML-based language that is extended from PMML. We build a prototype system with this method and it works well.
7C89944B	We describe a grid-based approach for enterprise-scale data mining, which is based on leveraging parallel database technology for data storage, and on-demand compute servers for parallelism in the statistical computations. This approach is targeted towards the use of data mining in highly-automated vertical business applications, where the data is stored on one or more relational database systems, and an independent set of high-performance compute servers or a network of low-cost, commodity processors is used to improve the application performance and overall workload management. The goal of this paper is to describe an algorithmic decomposition of data mining kernels between the data storage and compute grids, which makes it possible to exploit the parallelism on the respective grids in a simple way, while minimizing the data transfer between these grids. This approach is compatible with existing standards for data mining task specification and results reporting, so that larger applications using these data mining algorithms do not have to be modified to benefit from this grid-based approach.
8090C66C	In scientific and other domains, knowledge discovery has started to be widely supported by service oriented data mining grids. When access to such services is required anytime at anyplace, the integration of mobile devices and wireless networks into grids is useful. However, mobile technologies exhibit limited capabilities and movement further cause frequent changes of context, like location and, thus, network connectivity. In this paper, the integration of mobile devices as ubiquitous knowledge discovery clients is proposed. The major service classes in knowledge discovery workflow management are addressed, those are, the monitoring and controlling of executing services. The feasibility of the approach is demonstrated by means of a .NET-based prototypical implementation on PDAs for the knowledge discovery framework GridMiner
789B9B09	The technologies of mobile communications and ubiquitous computing pervade our society, and wireless net works sense the movement of people and vehicles, generating large volumes of mobility data. This is a scenario of great opportunities and risks. On one side, mining this data can produce useful knowledge. On the other side, individual privacy is at risk, as the mobility data contain sensitive personal information.
7E7B3601	We consider the problem of maintaining communication between the nodes of a data network and a central station in the presence of frequent topological changes as, for example, in mobile packet radio networks. We argue that flooding schemes have significant drawbacks for such networks, and propose a general class of distributed algorithms for establishing new loop-free routes to the station for any node left without a route due to changes in the network topology. By virtue of built-in redundancy, the algorithms are typically activated very infrequently and, even when they are, they do not involve any communication within the portion of the network that has not been materially affected by a topological change.
771237C7	Today with swift growing of plastic cards industry in the world, variety and volume of data stored in the database is growing strongly, this issue reminds the growing need of banks and financial institutions in applying knowledge discovery processes on value creation services. The original approach of this paper, is step by step implementing process of data mining in real-life transaction of debit cards, with the aim of customer profiling. In this study profiling is applied with two approaches of explorative and predictive analysis. In explorative model SOM and TwoStep clustering techniques are used. Also in predictive model four decision tree techniques are applied, the C5.0, Chi-square Automatics Interaction Detection (CHAID), Quest, classification and regression. Finally, the optimal models details are more analyzed to discover the knowledge in transactions done.
805EEF3A	Among the advantages of the cerebellar model articulation controller neural network (CMAC NN) include very fast learning, reasonable generalization capability and robust noise resistance, explaining why CMAC NNs are conventionally used in robot control. This study considers the feasibility of CMAC NN as an efficient data mining (DM) method, indicating that the CMAC NN can extend its network topology flexibly to achieve DM applications. Therefore, this study introduces CMAC NN for applying classification and time series prediction problems. The solved problem, network topology, learning algorithm and recommended parameter settings are described as well. Results of this study contribute to efforts to extend network topology for the CMAC NN in DM applications.
7FBA7DB8	We consider the problem of adjusting the transmit powers of nodes in a multihop wireless network (also called an ad hoc network) to create a desired topology. We formulate it as a constrained optimization problem with two constraints-connectivity and biconnectivity, and one optimization objective-maximum power used. We present two centralized algorithms for use in static networks, and prove their optimality. For mobile networks, we present two distributed heuristics that adaptively adjust node transmit powers in response to topological changes and attempt to maintain a connected topology using minimum power. We analyze the throughput, delay, and power consumption of our algorithms using a prototype software implementation, an emulation of a power-controllable radio, and a detailed channel model. Our results show that the performance of multihop wireless networks in practice can be substantially increased with topology control.
8026E43B	Many transmission scheduling algorithms have been proposed to maximize the spatial reuse and minimize the time division multiple-access (TDMA) frame length in multihop packet radio networks. Almost all existing algorithms assume exact network topology information and do not adapt to different traffic requirements. Chlamtac and Farago proposed a topology-transparent algorithm. Following their approach, but with a different design strategy, we propose another algorithm which is optimal in that it maximizes the minimum throughput. We compare our algorithm with that of Chlamtac and Farago’s and with the TDMA algorithm, and find that it gives better performance in terms of minimum throughput and minimum and maximum delay times. Our algorithm requires estimated values of the number of nodes and the maximum nodal degree in the network. However, we show that the performance of our algorithm is insensitive to these design parameters.
5AFF3D73	Clustering can play a critical role in increasing the performance and lifetime of wireless networks. The facility location problem is a general abstraction of the clustering problem and this paper presents the first constant-factor approximation algorithm for the facility location problem on unit disk graphs (UDGs), a commonly used model for wireless networks. In this version of the problem, connection costs are not metric, i.e., they do not satisfy the triangle inequality, because connecting to a non-neighbor costs ∞. In non-metric settings the best approximation algorithms guarantee an O(logn)-factor approximation, but we are able to use structural properties of UDGs to obtain a constant-factor approximation. Our approach combines ideas from the primal-dual algorithm for facility location due to Jain and Vazirani (JACM, 2001) with recent results on the weighted minimum dominating set problem for UDGs (Huang et al., J. Comb. Opt., 2008). We then show that the facility location problem on UDGs is inherently local and one can solve local subproblems independently and combine the solutions in a simple way to obtain a good solution to the overall problem. This leads to a distributed version of our algorithm in the LOCAL model that runs in constant rounds and still yields a constant-factor approximation. Even if the UDG is specified without geometry, we are able to combine recent results on maximal independent sets and clique partitioning of UDGs, to obtain an O(logn)-approximation that runs in O(log*n) rounds.
78EFA0D7	We study the problem of mining frequent itemsets in dynamic data streams and consider the issue of concept drift. A count-prediction based algorithm is proposed, which estimates the counts of itemsets by predictive models to find frequent itemsets out. The predictive models are constructed based on the data in the data stream and serve as a description of the concept of the stream. If there is a concept drift in the stream, the description of the concept can be updated by reconstructing the predictive models. According to our experimental results, the proposed algorithm is efficient and has stable performance. Besides, using respective predictive models for count-predictive mining would preserve the quality of mining answers effectively (in terms of accuracy) against the change of the concept.
7CEE2B50	Processor fault diagnosis takes an important role in fault-tolerant computing on multiprocessor systems. There are two classical diagnosis strategies - the precise strategy and the pessimistic strategy, both of which are based on the well-known PMC diagnostic model. Nevertheless, the degree of diagnosability of the system is limited under these two strategies. A better method, called the t/k-diagnosis strategy, is proposed by Somani and Peleg, in which the identified fault-set is allowed to contain at most k fault-free processors. Using this diagnosis strategy, the degree of diagnosability of the hypercube increases greatly as the number of the fault-free processors in the fault-set increases. We study the t/k-diagnosability of so-called BC graphs that include hypercubes, crossed cubes, Mobius cubes, and twisted cubes, etc. We show that any n-dimensional BC graph is t(n, k)/k-diagnosable when n/spl ges/4 and 0/spl les/k/spl les/n, where t(n,k)=(k+1)n-1/2(k+1)(k+2)+1. Therefore, the crossed cube, the Mobius cube, and the twisted cube all have the same t/k-diagnosability as the hypercube. As a result, the algorithms developed for diagnosis on the hypercube may also be used to diagnose multiprocessor systems whose network topologies are based on BC graphs.
80161299	Motion-compensated temporal filtering (MCTF) is an open-loop prediction scheme, so the frame-level data reuse for MCTF is possible. In this paper, we propose two general frame-level data reuse schemes which can minimize the memory bandwidth of current and reference frames, respectively. And their relationships between the required memory bandwidth and the number of searching range buffers are also formulated under the constraint of the data dependency in joint scalable video model. Finally, we extend our analysis to pyramid MCTF and the impact of the inter-layer prediction scheme is also considered
7CC75938	This paper presents an ATM-based transport architecture for next-generation multiservices personal communication networks (PCN). Such "multimedia capable" integrated services wireless networks are motivated by an anticipated demand for wireless extensions to future broadband networks. An ATM compatible wireless network concept capable of supporting a mix of broadband ISDN services including constant bit-rate (CBR), variable bit-rate (VBR), and packet data transport is explored from an architectural viewpoint. The proposed system uses a hierarchical ATM switching network for interconnection of PCN microcells, each of which is serviced by high-speed, shared-access radio links based on ATM-compatible cell, relay principles. Design issues related to the physical (modulation), media access control (MAC), and data-link layers of the ATM-based radio link are discussed, and preliminary technical approaches are identified in each case. An example multiservice dynamic reservation (MDR) TDMA media access protocol is then considered in further detail, and simulation results are presented for an example voice/data scenario with a proportion of time-critical (i.e., multimedia) packet data. Time-of-expiry (TOE) based queue service disciplines are also investigated as a mechanism for improving the quality-of-service (QoS) in this scenario.
7F65E553	The future of third-generation wireless networking is discussed. The vision of the third generation is a single set of standards that can meet a wide range of wireless access applications. Third-generation systems, in harmony with broadband integrated services digital networks, will use shared resources to convey many information types. A single network architecture will serve its users efficiently in many environments, including moving vehicles, indoor and outdoor public areas, residences, offices, and factories. A study of a switching architecture, referred to as a cellular packet switch, and a packet transmission technique, referred to as a packet reservation multiple access is discussed. By means of a design example, it is shown how these techniques can work together to meet some of the demands of third-generation systems.
78139965	Broadcasting is a common operation in a network to resolve many issues. In a mobile ad hoc network (MANET) in particular, due to host mobility, such operations are expected to be executed more frequently (such as finding a route to a particular host, paging a particular host, and sending an alarm signal). Because radio signals are likely to overlap with others in a geographical area, a straightforward broadcasting by flooding is usually very costly and will result in serious redundancy, contention, and collision, to which we call the broadcast storm problem. In this paper, we identify this problem by showing how serious it is through analyses and simulations. We propose several schemes to reduce redundant rebroadcasts and differentiate timing of rebroadcasts to alleviate this problem. Simulation results are presented, which show different levels of improvement over the basic flooding approach.
8079E235	A distributed topology-control algorithm has been developed for each node in a packet radio network (PRN) to control its transmitting power and logical neighbors for a reliable high-throughput topology. The algorithm first constructs a planar triangulation from locations of all nodes as a starting topology. Then, the minimum angles of all triangles in the planar triangulation are maximized by means of edge switching to improve connectivity and throughput. The resulting triangulation at this stage, the Delaunay triangulation, can be determined locally at each node. The topology is modified by negotiating among neighbors to satisfy a design requirement on the nodal degree parameter. Simulations show that the final topology is degree-bounded, has a rather regular and uniform structure, and has throughput and reliability that are greater than that of a number of alternative topologies.
78FA01ED	In this paper, we use a Markov model to develop a product form solution to efficiently analyze the throughput of arbitrary topology multihop packet radio networks that employ a carrier sensing multiple access (CSMA) protocol with perfect capture. We consider both exponential and nonexponential packet length distributions. Our method preserves the dependence between nodes, characteristic of CSMA, and determines the joint probability that nodes are transmitting. The product form analysis provides the basis for an automated algorithm that determines the maximum throughput in networks of size up to 100 radio nodes. Numerical examples for several networks are presented. This model has led to many theoretical and practical extensions. These include determination of conditions for product form analysis to hold, extension to other access protocols, and consideration of acknowledgments.
7E59AC25	We show that mutual exchange of independent information between two nodes in a wireless network can be efficiently performed by exploiting network coding and the physical-layer broadcast property offered by the wireless medium. The proposed approach improves upon conventional solutions that separate the processing of the two unicast sessions, corresponding to information transfer along one direction and the opposite direction. We propose a simple and practical approach to realize the gain.
78C8A8A6	Our purpose in this paper is to propose a self-stabilizing protocol for weakly connected dominating set (WCDS) set in a given ad hoc network graph. WCDS is a particular variant of graph domination predicates which play an important role in routing in ad hoc networks. There are many variants of domination problems in bidirectional networks; WCDS is also useful in forming clusters in ad hoc networks. There are many heuristic and distributed algorithms to compute WCDS in network graphs while almost all of them will need complete information about the network topology and most of them are not fault tolerant or mobility tolerant. Self-stabilization is a protocol design paradigm that is especially useful in resource constrained infrastructure-less networks since nodes can make moves based on local knowledge only and yet a global task is accomplished in a fault tolerant manner; it also facilitates for nodes to enter and exit the network freely. There exist self-stabilizing protocols for minimal spanning tree, total domination, and others. We have shown that the paradigm is capable of designing a protocol for WCDS. Our objective is to mathematically prove the correctness and the convergence of the protocol in any worst-case scenario, as is usually done for self-stabilizing protocols for other graph predicates used for ad hoc networks.
6D9CA6C8	Recent years have witnessed the growing popularity of sensor and sensor-network technologies, supporting important practical applications. One of the fundamental issues is how to accurately locate a user with few labeled data in a wireless sensor network, where a major difficulty arises from the need to label large quantities of user location data, which in turn requires knowledge about the locations of signal transmitters or access points. To solve this problem, we have developed a novel machine learning-based approach that combines collaborative filtering with graph-based semi-supervised learning to learn both mobile users' locations and the locations of access points. Our framework exploits both labeled and unlabeled data from mobile devices and access points. In our two-phase solution, we first build a manifold-based model from a batch of labeled and unlabeled data in an offline training phase and then use a weighted k-nearest-neighbor method to localize a mobile client in an online localization phase. We extend the two-phase colocalization to an online and incremental model that can deal with labeled and unlabeled data that come sequentially and adapt to environmental changes. Finally, we embed an action model to the framework such that additional kinds of sensor signals can be utilized to further boost the performance of mobile tracking. Compared to other state-of-the-art systems, our framework has been shown to be more accurate while requiring less calibration effort in our experiments performed on three different testbeds.
8102D666	In this paper, the network planning problem in wireless ad hoc networks is formulated as the problem of allocating physical and medium access layer resources or supplies to minimize a cost function, while fulfilling certain end-to-end communication demands, which are given as a collection of multicast sessions with desired transmission rates. We propose an iterative cross-layer optimization, which alternates between: 1) jointly optimizing the timesharing in the medium access layer and the sum of max of flows assignment in the network layer and 2) updating the operational states in the physical layer. We consider two objectives, minimizing aggregate congestion and minimizing power consumption, respectively, corresponding to operating in a bandwidth-limited regime and in an energy-limited regime. The end result is a set of achievable tradeoffs between throughput and energy efficiency, in a given wireless network with a given traffic pattern. We evaluate our approach quantitatively by simulations of community wireless networks and compare with designs that decouple the layers. We demonstrate that significant performance advantages can be achieved by adopting a full-fledged cross-layer optimization. Furthermore, we observe that optimized solutions generally profit from network coding, physical-layer broadcasting, and traffic-dependent physical states.
804A0F2C	When a user uses an 802.11 wireless mobile device like a Personal Digital Assistant (PDA) to type in a message, typing every word fully can be quite tedious. This paper investigates into a first level text prediction scheme through data mining and letter matching which could help the user with writing messages using predictive approach, to be used for short message service text or for email text. The performance results of simulation show that the results are quite encouraging and the accuracy of first level text prediction is above 80% for a huge sample, where a given word is mapped to a subset of possible next words, in fixed and flexible scenarios. Though the prediction is tried with English language, it can be applied to other similar languages
786B2910	This paper investigates a variant of the general problem of assigning channels to the stations of a wireless network when the graph representing the possible interferences is a matrogenic graph. In our problem, channels assigned to adjacent vertices must be at least 2 apart, while channels assigned to vertices at distance 2 must be different. An exact linear time algorithm is provided for the class of threshold graphs. For matrogenic and matroidal graphs approximate algorithms are given. Consequently, previously known results concerning subclasses of cographs, split graphs and graphs with diameter 2 are improved.
7A0F3638	In this paper, we explore the use of a pseudo-random graph family, Borel Cayley graph family, as the network topology in an NGN (Next Generation Network) with thousands of nodes operated in a packet switching environment asynchronously. BCGs are known to be an efficient topology in interconnection networks because of its small diameters, short average path lengths, and low-degree connections. However, the application of BCGs in NGN are hindered by a lack of size flexibility and fault tolerant routing. We propose a fault-tolerant routing algorithm for BCGs. Our algorithm exploits the vertex-transitivity property of Borel Cayley graphs and relies on extra information to reflect topology change. Our results show that the proposed method supports good reachability and short average hop count.
7A1EDE82	Mobile wireless networks pose interesting challenges for routing system design. To produce feasible routes in a mobile wireless network, a routing system must be able to accommodate roving users, changing network topology, and fluctuating link quality. We discuss the impact of node mobility and wireless communication on routing system design, and we survey the set of techniques employed in or proposed for routing in mobile wireless networks.
76203543	An integrated pattern mining technique for query answering is proposed for marine sensor data. In pattern query, we adopt the dynamic time warping (DTW) method and propose the use of a query relaxation approach in finding similar patterns. We further calculate prediction from discovered similar patterns in marine sensor data. The predictive values are then compared with the forecast from hydrodynamic model data. In addition, we present query answering using a clustering technique. Finally, we show implementation results in a marine sensor network deployed in the South East of Tasmania, Australia.
0C9FD40E	In this paper we describe several new clustering algorithms for nodes in a mobile ad hoc network. We propose to combine two known approaches into a single clustering algorithm which considers connectivity as a primary criterion and lower ID as secondary criterion for selecting cluster heads. The goal is to minimize the number of clusters, which results in dominating sets of smaller sizes (this is important for applications in broadcasting and Bluetooth formation). We also describe algorithms for modifying cluster structure in the presence of topological changes. Next, we generalize the cluster definition so that a cluster contains all nodes that are at a distance of at most k hops from the cluster head. The efficiency of four clustering algorithms (k-lowestID and k-CONID, k=1 and k=2) is tested by measuring the average number of created clusters, the number of border nodes, and the cluster size in random unit graphs. The most interesting experimental result is stability of the ratio of the sum of CHs and border nodes in the set. It was constantly 60-70% for 1-lowestID and 46-56% for 1-ConID, for any value of n (number of nodes) and d (average node degree). Similar conclusions and similar number were obtained for k=2. We also proposed a unified framework for most existing and new clustering algorithms where a properly defined weight at each node is the only difference in the algorithm. Finally, we propose a framework for generating random unit graphs with obstacles.
7644BE12	Tracking strategies for mobile users in wireless networks are studied. In order to save the cost of using the wireless links mobile users should not update their location whenever they cross boundaries of adjacent cells. The paper focuses on three natural strategies in which the mobile users make the decisions when and where to update: the time-based strategy, the number of movements-based strategy, and the distance-based strategy. The authors consider both memoryless movement patterns and movements with Markovian memory along a topology of cells arranged as a ring. They analyze the performance of each one of the three strategies under such movements, and show the performance differences between the strategies.
804E5E61	In this paper we assume that a multihop wireless network (also called a wireless ad hoc network) consists of nodes whose transmitting powers are finitely adjustable. We consider two fundamental problems related to power consumption in this kind of network. One is the minimum-energy broadcast tree problem, which broadcasts a message from a source node to all the other nodes in the network such that the summation of transmission powers at all nodes is minimized; and another is the minimum-energy multicast tree problem, which multicasts a message from a source node to the nodes in a given subset of nodes such that the summation of the transmission powers at all involved nodes is minimized.We first show the minimum-energy broadcast tree problem is NP-complete. We then present an approximate algorithm for the problem in a general setting, which delivers an approximate solution with a bounded performance guarantee. The algorithm takes O((k+1)1/&egr;n3/&egr; time, where n is the number of nodes in the wireless network, k is the number of power levels at each node, and &egr; is constant with 0⁢&egr;&xie; 1. For a special case of the problem where every node is equipped with the same type of battery, we propose an approximate algorithm which has a better performance ratio than that in the general case setting, and the algorithm takes O(kn2 log n) time. We finally extend the technique for the minimum-energy broadcast tree problem to solve the minimum-energy multicast tree problem, which leads to a similar result. The technique adopted in this paper is to reduce the minimum-energy broadcast (multicast) tree problem on a wireless ad hoc network to an optimization problem on an auxiliary weighted graph, and solve the optimization problem on the auxiliary graph which in turn gives an approximate solution for the original problem.
75404B33	Reliable multicast, the lossless dissemination of data from one sender to a group of receivers, has a wide range of important applications. Recently, network coding has been applied to the reliable multicast in wireless networks, where multiple lost packets with distinct intended receivers are XOR-ed together as one packet and forwarded via single retransmission, resulting in a significant reduction of bandwidth consumption. However, the simple XOR operation cannot fully exploit the potential coding opportunities and finding the optimal set of lost packets for XOR-ing is a complex NP-complete optimization problem. In this work, we intend to move beyond the simple XOR to more general coding operations. Specifically, we propose two new schemes (a static scheme which repeatedly retransmits one coding packet until all intended receivers receive it and a dynamic scheme which updates the coding packet once one or more receivers receive it) to encode packets with more general coding operations, which not only can encode lost packets with common intended receivers together to fully exploit the potential coding opportunities but also have polynomial-time complexity. We demonstrate, through both analytical and simulation results, that the proposed schemes can more greatly reduce the bandwidth requirement than the available coding-based schemes, especially in the case of high packet loss probabilities and a larger number of receivers. This reduction can vary from a few percents to over 15% depending on the packet loss probabilities and the number of receivers.
76680B18	A time-slot allocation algorithm called PRS which schedules transmissions independently of the network topology changes is presented. This makes it suitable for scheduling the transmissions in time division multiple access (TDMA) or code division multiple access (CDMA) systems with frequently and unpredictably changing topology. The algorithm guarantees correct operation under any frequency of change, and to the best of the authors' knowledge, it is the only solution for robust scheduled access when no continuous update is feasible and a guaranteed delay is required even under heavy loads.
802572AC	Nonakas modes of knowledge were used to ground an exploratory study of knowledge creation opportunities in the data mining process. A two-phased research study, including 49 interviews with data analysts and decision makers, was completed. Results support the idea that multiple knowledge creation opportunities exist throughout the data mining process. Prior research has defined a data warehouse as a support system for transforming explicit knowledge into new explicit knowledge by merging, categorizing, reclassifying, and synthesizing data [1]. By expanding the research scope from technology to the process, evidence was found that data analysts convert tacit knowledge to new tacit knowledge through social interaction, tacit knowledge to explicit knowledge through evaluation of data mining results, and explicit knowledge to new tacit knowledge through learning from deployment of a decision. This paper explains how one organization implemented a knowledge-oriented data mining process; results of the implementation are presented 
7E8C2D6A	Recently, a cost aware metric for wireless networks based on remaining battery power at nodes was proposed for shortest-cost routing algorithms, assuming constant transmission power. Power-aware metrics, where transmission power depends on distance between nodes and corresponding shortest power algorithms were also recently proposed. We define a new power-cost metric based on the combination of both node's lifetime and distance-based power metrics. We investigate some properties of power adjusted transmissions and show that, if additional nodes can be placed at desired locations between two nodes at distance d, the transmission power can be made linear in d as opposed to d^\alpha dependence for \alpha\geq 2. This provides basis for power, cost, and power-cost localized routing algorithms where nodes make routing decisions solely on the basis of location of their neighbors and destination. The power-aware routing algorithm attempts to minimize the total power needed to route a message between a source and a destination. The cost-aware routing algorithm is aimed at extending the battery's worst-case lifetime at each node. The combined power-cost localized routing algorithm attempts to minimize the total power needed and to avoid nodes with a short battery's remaining lifetime. We prove that the proposed localized (where each node makes routing decisions based solely on the location of itself, its neighbors, and destination) power, cost, and power-cost efficient routing algorithms are loop-free and show their efficiency by experiments.
7F2680EC	Traditional data mining predictive algorithm dealt little with original data set and did not make full use of the relationship of the data, as a result, numerous mathematical operation resources was wasted and also the accuracy of the predicted result was not very high. Against with this problem, correlation coefficient and information entropy were introduced, a data mining algorithmic based on information entropy was put forward, and an incremental predictive algorithm had been realized, too. Because the algorithm makes full use of the data sets’ interior relationship, it makes the forecasted results more accurate, and achieves a satisfied result.
800CE6CE	We challenge current thinking about IP over WDM by outlining a path to optical data networking that includes multiple data networking protocols coupled with a protocol-neutral optical networking infrastructure. Included is a discussion of the diversity of data networking protocols and network architectures for optical data networking.
7C8833E3	One of the purposes of microarray gene expression experiments is to identify genes regulated under specific cellular conditions. With the availability of putative transcription factor binding motifs, it is now possible to relate gene expression pattern to the pattern of transcription factor binding sites (TFBS), as well as study how TFBS interact with each other to control gene expression. The objectives of this study are to develop a systematic approach for combining data from microarray gene expression experiments and the corresponding regulatory motif patterns in order to delineate gene regulation mechanisms. A secondary goal is to develop a predictive model for finding similarly regulated genes. Three consecutive procedures are proposed for such data mining activities. First, a linear mixed-effect model is fit to data from microarray gene expression experiments and potential regulated (positive) genes are identified based on a specific biological hypothesis. Putative TFBS are then retrieved for the identified positive genes and randomly selected controls. Second, a cluster analysis is conducted to reduce collinearity among the binding sites. In the third step, logistic regression is applied to choose the best model to predict gene type (positive, control) based on the numerous TFBS predictors. The above approach was applied to an internal example and a model was developed to predict up-regulated genes in activated T-helper (Th) cells. Using a leave-one-out cross- validation scheme, the model has an 18.9% false positive rate and a 41.7% false negative rate.
7D138CD8	The paper introduces scientific data mining, the standard data-mining problem, and the strip-mining problem. StripMiner/sup TM/, a shell program for feature reduction and predictive modeling, integrates the executions of several different machine-learning models (partial least squares regression, genetic algorithms, support vector machines, neural networks, and local learning). This paper introduces the StripMiner/sup TM/ code, its functionality, and its options.
804C7F35	Traditionally, interference is considered harmful. Wireless networks strive to avoid scheduling multiple transmissions at the same time in order to prevent interference. This paper adopts the opposite approach; it encourages strategically picked senders to interfere. Instead of forwarding packets, routers forward the interfering signals. The destination leverages network-level information to cancel the interference and recover the signal destined to it. The result is analog network coding because it mixes signals not bits.So, what if wireless routers forward signals instead of packets? Theoretically, such an approach doubles the capacity of the canonical 2-way relay network. Surprisingly, it is also practical. We implement our design using software radios and show that it achieves significantly higher throughput than both traditional wireless routing and prior work on wireless network coding.
80F4E80C	This paper describes a self-organizing, multihop, mobile radio network which relies on a code-division access scheme for multimedia support. In the proposed network architecture, nodes are organized into nonoverlapping clusters. The clusters are independently controlled, and are dynamically reconfigured as the nodes move. This network architecture has three main advantages. First, it provides spatial reuse of the bandwidth due to node clustering. Second, bandwidth can be shared or reserved in a controlled fashion in each cluster. Finally, the cluster algorithm is robust in the face of topological changes caused by node motion, node failure, and node insertion/removal. Simulation shows that this architecture provides an efficient, stable infrastructure for the integration of different types of traffic in a dynamic radio network.
7EE075FD	A fundamental problem in wireless networks is determining the broadcast capacity, i.e., the maximum data transfer rate from a given node to every other node in a relay network. This paper studies the scaling of the broadcast capacity for a network with a single source and N destinations, of which f(N) are randomly selected to also act as relays. In high-density networks (i.e., the node density goes to infinity; the network area is fixed), it is shown that the broadcast capacity is upper bounded by Θ(log f(N)). Schemes are provided that achieve i) Θ(log f(N)) throughput if the channel fading is spatially continuous; ii) Θ(log log f(N)) throughput if the channel fading is spatially i.i.d.. For extended networks (i.e., the node density is fixed; the network area goes to infinity), the broadcast capacity is upper bounded by Θ(1) under channel models with fading and path-loss exponent α > 2. A multistage cooperative broadcasting scheme, which achieves Θ(1) broadcast rate for the high-density extended networks with pathloss channel model is proposed. These results quantifies the gains obtained due to cooperation compared to multihop noncooperative broadcasting, which has a maximum rate that scales as Θ(1) for high-density and Θ(1/(log f(N))α/2) for extended networks.
8123F129	A novel, distributed topology-control algorithm has been developed for each node in a packet radio network (PRN) to control its transmitting power and logical neighbors in order to construct a reliable, high-throughput topology. The algorithm first constructs a planar triangulation from locations of all nodes as a starting topology. Then, the minimum angles of all triangles in the planar triangulation are maximized by means of edge switching to improve connectivity and throughput. The resulting Delaunay triangulation can be determined locally at each node. The topology is modified by negotiating among neighbors to satisfy a design requirement on the nodal degree parameter. Simulations show that (1) the final topology is degree-bounded, (2) it has a rather regular and uniform structure, and (3) its throughput and reliability are greater than that of a number of alternative topologies.
7E77B268	Designing a wireless network is always challenging because of the harsh environment of wireless channels. While significant progress has been made over the last decade, most of the techniques were developed and optimized based on the point-to-point communication model. Recently, the cooperative communication model has attracted a lot of attention due to the fact that it may achieve significantly better performance than the traditional wireless network models. In this article we develop a generic wireless network design framework based on physical layer network coding as a novel cooperation technique. In this framework several transmitters in a cooperative network may transmit signals simultaneously to the same receiver to improve overall performance. The topics addressed in this article include network capacity, modulation, channel coding, and security issues from a viewpoint fundamentally different from the traditional communication models.
786FD9F9	The analysis of movement data has been recently fostered by the widespread diffusion of new techniques and systems for monitoring, collecting and storing location-aware data, generated by a wealth of technological infrastructures, such as GPS positioning and wireless networks [2]. These have made available massive repositories of spatio-temporal data recording human mobile activities, such as location data from mobile phones, GPS tracks from mobile devices, etc.: is it possible to discover from these data useful and timely knowledge about human mobility? The GeoPKDD project [1], since 2005, investigated this direction of research; the lesson learned is that there is a long way to go from raw data of individual trajectories up to high-level collective mobility knowledge, capable of supporting the decisions of mobility and transportation managers. Such analysts reason about semantically rich concepts, such as systematic vs. occasional movement behavior and homework commuting patterns; accordingly, the mainstream analytical tools of transportation engineering, such as origin/destination matrices, are based on semantically rich data collected by means of field surveys and interviews. Clearly, the price to pay for this richness is hard: mass surveys are very expensive, so that their periodicity is very broad and obsolescence is rapid; poor data quality is also a plague: people tend to respond elusively and inaccurately. On the other extreme, automatically sensed mobility data record individual trajectories at mass level, in real time. Clearly, the price to pay here is exactly the lack of semantics in raw data: How to bridge this deficiency? Current generation of analysis systems and methods on mobility data are based on standard statistical techniques, such as movement distributions among the city areas. However, we claim that these are not sufficient to express movement oriented analysis. For example, detecting subgroups of users having similar movements is a behaviour not captured by standars statistic techniques, due to the strong variability among individuals movements.
7A66F6FC	The increasing popular personal communications and mobile computing require a wireless network infrastructure that supports self-configuration and self-management. Efficient clustering protocol for constructing virtual backbone is becoming one of the most important issues in wireless ad hoc networks. The weakly connected dominating set (WCDS) is very suitable for cluster formation. As finding the minimum WCDS in an arbitrary graph is a NP-Hard problem, we propose an area-based distributed algorithm for WCDS construction in wireless ad hoc networks with time and message complexity . This Area algorithm is divided into three phases: area partition, WCDS construction for each area and adjustment along the area borders. We confirm the effectiveness of our algorithm through analysis and comprehensive simulation study. The number of nodes in the WCDS constructed by this Area algorithm is up to around 50% less than that constructed by the previous well-known algorithm.
7F7D8DAF	The minimum energy required to transmit one bit of information through a network characterizes the most economical way to communicate in a network. In this paper, we show that, under a layered model of wireless networks, the minimum energy-per-bit for multicasting in a mobile ad hoc network can be found by a linear program; the minimum energy-per-bit can be attained by performing network coding. Compared with conventional routing solutions, network coding not only allows a potentially lower energy-per-bit to be achieved, but also enables the optimal solution to be found in polynomial time, in sharp contrast with the NP-hardness of constructing the minimum-energy multicast tree as the optimal routing solution. We further show that the minimum energy multicast formulation is equivalent to a cost minimization with linear edge-based pricing, where the edge prices are the energy-per-bits of the corresponding physical broadcast links. This paper also investigates minimum energy multicasting with routing. Due to the linearity of the pricing scheme, the minimum energy-per-bit for routing is achievable by using a single distribution tree. A characterization of the admissible rate region for routing with a single tree is presented. The minimum energy-per-bit for multicasting with routing is found by an integer linear program. We show that the relaxation of this integer linear program, studied earlier in the Steiner tree literature, can now be interpreted as the optimization for minimum energy multicasting with network coding. In short, this paper presents a unifying study of minimum energy multicasting with network coding and routing
8166BB05	A general method is introduced that is capable of improving network capacity by altering connectivity values and can be used on a wide range of packet radio network topologies, traffic requirements, and protocols. The approach uses artificial intelligence techniques to formulate design rules which quantitatively describe individual aspects of the capacity/connectivity dependence. Incorporation of the design rules into a rule-based computer optimization program produces, on average, 15-25% capacity improvement for both random and regular network inputs. Optimization results lead to conclusions about efficient network topology and operation, and permit further capacity/connectivity generalizations. The approach used, as well as many of the rules developed, go beyond the domain of packet radio networks, and are applicable to many general network design problems.
65F95C01	Analyzing and predicting with Time series is a method which used in different fields, including consumption pattern analyzing and predicting. In this paper, required amount of inventory items have been predicted with time series. At first, desired data mining process is designed and implemented using Clementine data mining tool. We evaluate this process using the dataset from Iran's ZoabAhan steel company. Results show that by using this process not only we can model consumption patterns for the present time but also we can predict required stock items for future with adequate accuracy.
75B99EDB	A main distinguishing feature of a wireless network compared with a wired network is its broadcast nature, in which the signal transmitted by a node may reach several other nodes, and a node may receive signals from several other nodes simultaneously. Rather than a blessing, this feature is treated more as an interference-inducing nuisance in most wireless networks today (e.g., IEEE 802.11). The goal of this paper is to show how the concept of network coding can be applied at the physical layer to turn the broadcast property into a capacity-boosting advantage in wireless ad hoc networks. Specifically, we propose a physical-layer network coding (PNC) scheme to coordinate transmissions among nodes. In contrast to "straightforward" network coding which performs coding arithmetic on digital bit streams after they have been received, PNC makes use of the additive nature of simultaneously arriving electromagnetic (EM) waves for equivalent coding operation. PNC can yield higher capacity than straight-forward network coding when applied to wireless networks. We believe this is a first paper that ventures into EM-wave-based network coding at the physical layer and demonstrates its potential for boosting network capacity. PNC opens up a whole new research area because of its implications and new design requirements for the physical, MAC, and network layers of ad hoc wireless stations. The resolution of the many outstanding but interesting issues in PNC may lead to a revolutionary new paradigm for wireless ad hoc networking.
75DA820F	This paper describes the Shadow Cluster concept, a novel idea that can be used to improve the resource allocation and the call admission procedures in wireless networks. Shadow clusters can be used to allocate resources that need to be reserved for call hand-offs, and to determine if a new call should be admitted to a wireless network based on the call's requirements and local traffic conditions. The shadow cluster concept is targeted for ATM-based wireless networks with a micro/nano-cellular architecture, where service will be provided to users with very diverse requirements. In these networks, and as a consequence of the small cell sizes, mobile users will typically experience a high number of cell hand-offs during their connections' lifetime. With shadow clusters, the quality of service of mobile calls can be improved by reducing the number of dropped calls during hand-offs, and by disallowing the establishment of new calls that are highly likely to later result in a dropped call. 
7C58EDA7	We introduce the -self-spanners graphs to model non-reliable interconnection networks. Such networks can be informally characterized as follows: if at most edges have failed, as long as two vertices remain connected, the distance between these vertices in the faulty graph is at most k times the distance in the non-faulty graph. By fixing the values k and (called stretch factor and fault-tolerance, respectively), we obtain specific new graph classes. We first provide characterizational, structural, and computational results for these classes. Then, we study relationships between the introduced classes and special graphs classes (distance-hereditary graphs, cographs, and chordal graphs), and common network topologies (grids, tori, hypercubes, butterflies, and cube-connected cycles) as well.
756C37EC	Backbone has been used extensively in various aspects (e.g., routing, route maintenance, broadcast, scheduling) for wireless networks. Previous methods are mostly designed to minimize the backbone size. However, in many applications, it is desirable to construct a backbone with small cost when each wireless node has a cost of being in the backbone. In this paper, we first show that previous methods specifically designed to minimize the backbone size may produce a backbone with a large cost. We then propose an efficient distributed method to construct a weighted sparse backbone with low cost. We prove that the total cost of the constructed backbone is within a small constant factor of the optimum for homogeneous networks when either the nodes' costs are smooth or the network maximum node degree is bounded. We also show that with a small modification the constructed backbone is efficient for unicast: the total cost (or hop) of the least cost (or hop) path connecting any two nodes using backbone is no more than 3 (or 4) times of the least cost (or hop) path in the original communication graph. As a side product, we give an efficient overlay based multicast structure whose total cost is no more than 10 times of the minimum when the network is modeled by UDG. Our theoretical results are corroborated by our simulation studies.
80FB59A4	The emergence of nomadic applications have generated much interest in wireless network infrastructures that support real-time communications. We propose a bandwidth routing protocol for quality-of-service (QoS) support in a multihop mobile network. The QoS routing feature is important for a mobile network to interconnect wired networks with QoS support (e.g., ATM, Internet, etc.). The QoS routing protocol can also work in a stand-alone multihop mobile network for real-time applications. This QoS routing protocol contains end-to-end bandwidth calculation and bandwidth allocation. Under such a routing protocol, the source (or the ATM gateway) is informed of the bandwidth and QoS available to any destination in the mobile network. This knowledge enables the establishment of QoS connections within the mobile network and the efficient support of real-time applications. In addition, it enables more efficient call admission control. In the case of ATM interconnection, the bandwidth information can be used to carry out intelligent handoff between ATM gateways and/or to extend the ATM virtual circuit (VC) service to the mobile network with possible renegotiation of QoS parameters at the gateway. We examine the system performance in various QoS traffic flows and mobility environments via simulation. Simulation results suggest distinct performance advantages of our protocol that calculates the bandwidth information. It is particularly useful in call admission control. Furthermore, "standby" routing enhances the performance in the mobile environment. Simulation experiments show this improvement.
61B3C555	The privacy preserving data mining technique researches have gained much attention in recent years. For data stream systems, wireless networks and mobile devices, the related stream data mining techniques research is still in its’ early stage. In this paper, an data mining algorithm dealing with privacy preserving problem in data stream is presented.
7B5278BA	The subject of ‘data mining’, also known as ‘knowledge discovery’, has exciting applications in catalysis research. In this paper, I outline the basics of data mining, with examples from different areas of catalysis. The focus is on the concepts, rather than on specific algorithms. I highlight the subject of descriptor modelling methods for rational catalyst design, and summarise some simple validation approaches that can help us separate knowledge from garbage.
811F90CF	Connected dominating set (CDs) has been proposed as virtual backbone or spine of wireless ad hoc networks. Three distributed approximation algorithms have been proposed in the literature for minimum CDS. We first reinvestigate their performances. None of these algorithms have constant approximation factors. Thus these algorithms can not guarantee to generate a CDs of small size. Their message complexities can be as high as O(n/sup 2/), and their time complexities may also be as large as O(n/sup 2/) and O(n/sup 3/). We then present our own distributed algorithm that outperforms the existing algorithms. This algorithm has an approximation factor of at most 8, O(n) time complexity and O(n log n) message complexity. By establishing the /spl Omega/(n log n) lower bound on the message complexity of any distributed algorithm for nontrivial CDs, our algorithm is thus message-optimal.
810F7CE3	In a multihop wireless network, each node has a transmission radius and is able to send a message to all of its neighbors that are located within the radius. In a broadcasting task, a source node sends the same message to all the nodes in the network. In this paper, we propose to significantly reduce or eliminate the communication overhead of a broadcasting task by applying the concept of localized dominating sets. Their maintenance does not require any communication overhead in addition to maintaining positions of neighboring nodes. Retransmissions by only internal nodes in a dominating set is sufficient for reliable broadcasting. Existing dominating sets are improved by using node degrees instead of their ids as primary keys. We also propose to eliminate neighbors that already received the message and rebroadcast only if the list of neighbors that might need the message is nonempty. A retransmission after negative acknowledgements scheme is also described. The important features of the proposed algorithms are their reliability (reaching all nodes in the absence of message collisions), significant rebroadcast savings, and their localized and parameterless behavior. The reduction in communication overhead for the broadcasting task is measured experimentally. Dominating set based broadcasting, enhanced by a neighbor elimination scheme and highest degree key, provides reliable broadcast with &les;53 percent of node retransmissions (on random unit graphs with 100 nodes) for all average degrees d. Critical d is around 4, with <48 percent for &les;3, &les;40 percent for d&ges;10, and &les;20 percent for d&ges;25. The proposed methods are better than existing ones in all considered aspects: reliability, rebroadcast savings, and maintenance communication overhead. In particular, the cluster structure is inefficient for broadcasting because of considerable communication overhead for maintaining the structure and is also inferior in terms of rebroadcast savings 
7E58378D	A mobile ad hoc network consists of wireless hosts that may move often. Movement of hosts results in a change in routes,requiring some mechanism for determining new routes. Several routing protocols have already been proposed for ad hoc networks.This paper suggests an approach to utilize location information (for instance, obtained using the global positioning system) to improve performance of routing protocols for ad hoc networks. By using location information, the proposed Location-Aided Routing(LAR) protocols limit the search for a new route to a smaller “request zone” of the ad hoc network. This results in a significant reduction in the number of routing messages. We present two algorithms to determine the request zone , and also suggest potential optimizations to our algorithms.
7E8E1A2F	Mining and statistical analysis of network data are often employed to determine traffic loads, analyze patterns of users' behavior, and predict future network traffic. In this talk, we analyze traffic data collected from three deployed networks: a cellular wireless network used by public safety agancies, a satellite network used by Internet service providers, and the Internet. We describe analysis of network log data collected from E-Comm, a public safety trunked radio network that utilizes circuit-switched cellular wireless technology. We examine statistical distributions and autocorrelation functions of call inter-arrival and call holding times during busy hours. Our findings indicate that traditional Er land models used for voice traffic may not be suitable for evaluating the performance of trunked radio networks. We also describe collection of traffic data, characterization of traffic loads, and distribution of packet sizes in ChinaSat, a hybrid satellite-terrestrial system. We investigate long-range dependence as the traffic patterns very, propose a traffic model for the Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) connections, and use data from billing records to predict future traffic loads. Since discovering network topology is important for analyzing routing protocols and network robustness and resilience, we also examine datasets from the Route Views and RIPE projects and identify important properties of Internet graphs. Our current traffic measurement project deals with traffic collection from BC. Net, the Vancouver Lower Mainland Gigabit Ethernet network. Collected data will be used to analyze behavior and performance of the Border Gateway Protocol (BGP).
7D1742E5	The concept of analog network coding (ANC) considers the concurrent transmission of signals over the wireless medium so that they intentionally interfere. Higher network throughput can be achieved with ANC when an intended transmission that a receiver desires to receive is made to interfere with a concurrent transmission of a signal known a priori at the receiver. In this paper, we present a cooperative protocol that exploits ANC. We consider a system with cooperative relaying of overlapped transmissions from two independent users. More specifically, we explore the case that network nodes may allow the transmitted signals to interfere both at the final destination node, and also at an intermediate node that acts subsequently as a relay. The relay employs a cooperative and multicast amplify-and-forward protocol so that the two destinations can use the interfered signals in order to recover the desired packet. We analyze this protocol in terms of the achieved rate and present an algorithm to recover signals from the overlapped transmissions. We study the impact of overlapping in signal transmissions on the throughput of the system. We show that even with considerable overlapping, the throughput under the proposed protocol is better in comparison to an orthogonal amplify-and-forward protocol.
7F402B9B	Multi-channel, multi-interface ad hoc wireless networks can obtain substantial capacity improvements by mitigating co-channel interference. Channel assignment and routing algorithms that relieve co-channel interference and balance traffic loads are critical for obtaining these large capacity increases. However, with a limited number of channels and interfaces, this approach cannot avoid traffic overload as the network traffic increases. This paper proposes a novel scheme of multi-channel/interface network coding that is based on the combination of a new concept of coded-overhearing and coding-aware channel assignment. The proposed algorithms overcome the radio coverage limitations present in conventional network coding schemes, and exhibit improved flexibility in terms of aggregate throughput when there are an insufficient number of interfaces and a outage of network coding opportunities. Our scheme attains significant improvement in the aggregate throughput as compared to a no network coding scheme.
7EBFB2F3	In this paper, we model the network throughput gains of two types of wireless network coding (NC) schemes, including the conventional NC and the analog NC schemes, over the traditional non-NC transmission scheduling schemes in multihop, multi-channel, and multi-radio wireless ad hoc networks. In particular, we first show that the network throughput gains of the conventional NC and analog NC are (2n)/(2n-1) and n/(n-1), respectively, for the n-way relay networks where n ges 2. Second, we propose an analytical framework for deriving the network throughput gain of the wireless NC schemes over general wireless network topologies. By solving the problem of maximizing the network throughput subject to the fairness requirements under our proposed framework, we quantitatively analyze the network throughput gains of these two types of wireless NC schemes for a variety of wireless ad hoc network topologies with different routing strategies. Finally, we develop a heuristic joint link scheduling, channel assignment, and routing algorithm that aims at approaching the optimal solution to the optimization problem under our proposed framework.