7CB9329E	Next generation fixed wireless broadband networks are being increasingly deployed as mesh networks in order to provide and extend access to the internet. These networks are characterized by the use of multiple orthogonal channels and nodes with the ability to simultaneously communicate with many neighbors using multiple radios (interfaces) over orthogonal channels. Networks based on the IEEE 802.11a/b/g and 802.16 standards are examples of these systems. However, due to the limited number of available orthogonal channels, interference is still a factor in such networks. In this paper, we propose a network model that captures the key practical aspects of such systems and characterize the constraints binding their behavior. We provide necessary conditions to verify the feasibility of rate vectors in these networks, and use them to derive upper bounds on the capacity in terms of achievable throughput, using a fast primal-dual algorithm. We then develop two link channel assignment schemes, one static and the other dynamic, in order to derive lower bounds on the achievable throughput. We demonstrate through simulations that the dynamic link channel assignment scheme performs close to optimal on the average, while the static link channel assignment algorithm also performs very well. The methods proposed in this paper can be a valuable tool for network designers in planning network deployment and for optimizing different performance objectives.
7FD8D490	Multihop infrastructure wireless mesh networks offer increased reliability, coverage, and reduced equipment costs over their single-hop counterpart, wireless local area networks. Equipping wireless routers with multiple radios further improves the capacity by transmitting over multiple radios simultaneously using orthogonal channels. Efficient channel assignment and routing is essential for throughput optimization of mesh clients. Efficient channel assignment schemes can greatly relieve the interference effect of close-by transmissions; effective routing schemes can alleviate potential congestion on any gateways to the Internet, thereby improving per-client throughput. Unlike previous heuristic approaches, we mathematically formulate the joint channel assignment and routing problem, taking into account the interference constraints, the number of channels in the network, and the number of radios available at each mesh router. We then use this formulation to develop a solution for our problem that optimizes the overall network throughput subject to fairness constraints on allocation of scarce wireless capacity among mobile clients. We show that the performance of our algorithms is within a constant factor of that of any optimal algorithm for the joint channel assignment and routing problem. Our evaluation demonstrates that our algorithm can effectively exploit the increased number of channels and radios, and it performs much better than the theoretical worst case bounds
7D467E1D	We present a new metric for routing in multi-radio, multi-hop wireless networks. We focus on wireless networks with stationary nodes, such as community wireless networks.The goal of the metric is to choose a high-throughput path between a source and a destination. Our metric assigns weights to individual links based on the Expected Transmission Time (ETT) of a packet over the link. The ETT is a function of the loss rate and the bandwidth of the link. The individual link weights are combined into a path metric called Weighted Cumulative ETT (WCETT) that explicitly accounts for the interference among links that use the same channel. The WCETT metric is incorporated into a routing protocol that we call Multi-Radio Link-Quality Source Routing.We studied the performance of our metric by implementing it in a wireless testbed consisting of 23 nodes, each equipped with two 802.11 wireless cards. We find that in a multi-radio environment, our metric significantly outperforms previously-proposed routing metrics by making judicious use of the second radio.
75D6C2E4	This paper aims to present MeshDVNet, a Wireless Mesh Network (WMN) test-bed designed, built, and deployed by the LIP6 laboratory of Universite Paris VI. MeshDVNet uses Wireless Mesh Routers (WMR), called MeshDVBox, which have been built using commercial components and open source software. On this platform, routing is performed by MeshDV, our custom routing framework, designed to take full advantage of WMNs' architecture. MeshDVBoxes are able to form a mesh backbone while performing also gate- way advertising and natively integrating clients' mobility management 
7D65E10A	We present a link layer protocol called the multi-radio unification protocol or MUP. On a single node, MUP coordinates the operation of multiple wireless network cards tuned to non-overlapping frequency channels. The goal of MUP is to optimize local spectrum usage via intelligent channel selection in a multihop wireless network. MUP works with standard-compliant IEEE 802.11 hardware, does not require changes to applications or higher-level protocols, and can be deployed incrementally. The primary usage scenario for MUP is a multihop community wireless mesh network, where cost of the radios and battery consumption are not limiting factors. We describe the design and implementation of MUP, and analyze its performance using both simulations and measurements based on our implementation. Our results show that under dynamic traffic patterns with realistic topologies, MUP significantly improves both TCP throughput and user perceived latency for realistic workloads.
7C190B1C	Wireless mesh network (WMN) has recently emerged as a promising technology for next-generation wireless network. In WMNs, many important applications, such as audio/video conferencing and distance education, require the support of multicast communication with quality-of-service (QoS) guarantee. In this paper, we investigate the issues of QoS multicast routing in wireless mesh networks. The paper studies TDMA-based timeslot allocation, and presents an effective heuristic algorithm for calculating end-to-end bandwidth on a path. We also propose a novel source-based multicasting routing algorithm to build a multicast tree among all the multicast members. Simulation results show that compared with MAODV, our proposed QoS routing algorithm can significantly improve the performance of QoS multicast routing in WMNs in terms of success ratio and network cost.
7AFA5C2B	Broadcasting by flooding causes the broadcast storm problem in multi-hop wireless networks. This problem becomes more likely in a wireless mesh network (WMN) because WMNs can bridge wired LANs, increasing broadcast traffic and collision probability. Since the network control, routing, and topology maintenance of a WMN highly rely on layer-2 broadcasting, unreliable broadcast algorithms directly destabilize a WMN. Researchers have developed many algorithms for efficient and reliable broadcast in multi-hop wireless networks. However, real-world systems rarely verify or compare these approaches, especially in a WMN. This paper examines six representative broadcast algorithms: simple flooding, dynamic probabilistic, efficient counter-based broadcast, scalable broadcast, domain pruning, and connected-dominating-set based algorithms. This study addresses both common and algorithm-specific implementation in a real-world IEEE 802.11s WMN testbed. Experiments under various topologies and packet lengths reveal the reliability, forwarding ratio, and efficiency of these six algorithms. Quantitative survey results indicate that the scalable broadcast algorithm possesses the best reliability due to its lower collision probability. The domain-pruning algorithm is the most efficient algorithm when considering both reliability and the forwarding ratio.
7A188697	In this paper, we study the performance of a static multihop wireless network, specifically that of the backhaul network of a two-tier Wireless Mesh Network (WMN) operating on IEEE 802.11 Medium Access Control (MAC) protocol. The performance of an IEEE 802.11 based backhaul network is greatly affected by the MAC contention and congestion in the network. If the sources pump data into the network than can be supported, loss rate increases due to MAC contention and congestion in the network. This also leads to the problem of unfairness among flows. In this paper, we propose a Link Layer Adaptive Pacing (LLAP) scheme that adaptively controls the offered load into the network. This improves the performance of higher layer protocols without any modifications to them. Our LLAP scheme estimates the four hop transmission delay in the network path without incurring any additional overhead (Control packets) and accordingly paces the packet transmissions to reduce MAC contentions in the network. We implement the LLAP scheme in ns-2.29 network simulator and extensively study its performance for both User Datagram Protocol (UDP) and Transmission Control Protocol (TCP) traffic in different network scenarios. In all the cases, our scheme shows a significant improvement in the performance of both UDP and TCP traffic.
7D1CC71C	Transmission power control in multihop wireless networks is a challenging problem due to the effects that different node transmission powers have across the layers of the protocol stack. In this paper, we study the problem of transmission power control in IEEE 802.16 mesh networks with distributed scheduling. We consider the effects of transmission power control on the link-scheduling performance when a set of end-to-end flows established in the network are given. The problem is approached by means of the stability region of the link-scheduling policy. Specifically, the stability region is adapted using transmission-power control to the paths of the flows. This adaptation enables the flows to support higher levels of data traffic under lower levels of end-to-end delay. To the best of our knowledge, the approach of stability-region-based transmission power control has not been studied before. We propose a heuristic transmission-power-control algorithm for solving the problem of adapting the stability region to the flows. It is shown, by means of simulation, that the algorithm outperforms the transmission power control based on spatial reuse, which is a widely used approach. Also, it is shown that the solution of the algorithm has performance close to the optimal solution for moderate-sized networks, i.e., networks with no more than 25 nodes and 25 flows.
7F6EF5C0	Wireless mesh networks (WMN) have attracted increasing attention from the research community as a high-performance and low-cost solution to last-mile broadband Internet access. In the other side, optical burst switching (OBS) is a promising metropolitan solution [1] that uses optical fiber with burst switching paradigm. In this paper, we propose a novel Metropolitan Area Network (MAN) architecture, called Optical Burst Wireless Mesh Architecture (OBWMA) which integrates WMN at the user access side and OBS at the core of the MAN. OBWMA aims to combine advantages of both WMNs and OBS networks, such as large coverage at low cost and bandwidth availability. We specify the details of the interconnection and the internetworking of WMNs and the OBS network in OBWMA. Moreover, we develop an analytical model to compute the end-to-end delay in OBWMA in order to support flow requests with delay constraints. Furthermore, we propose: (1) a bandwidth provisioning scheme for the WMN part (WBP); (2) a bandwidth provisioning scheme for the OBS part (WPBP); (3) an adaptive burst assembly scheme (AHBA) at the border between WMN and OBS; and (4) a control bridge (CB) that ensures Quality of Service (QoS) mapping at the border between the WMN and OBS. Simulation results using ns-2 demonstrate the feasibility of OBWMA, the accuracy of the proposed analytical model and the effectiveness of WBP, WPBP and AHBA to provide QoS provisioning for the converged network.
78180515	Wireless mesh networks have the potential to provide ubiquitous high-speed Internet access at low costs. The good news is that initial deployments of WiFi meshes show the feasibility of providing ubiquitous Internet connectivity. However, their performance is far below the necessary and achievable limit. Moreover, users' subscription in the existing meshes is dismal even though the technical challenges to get connectivity are low. This paper provides an overview of the current status of mesh networks' deployment, and highlights the technical, economical, and social challenges that need to be addressed in the next years. As a proof-of-principle study, we discuss the above-mentioned challenges with reference to three real networks: (i) MagNets, an operator-driven planned two-tier mesh network; (ii) Berlin Freifunk network as a pure community-driven single-tier network; (iii) Weimar Freifunk network, also a community-driven but two-tier network.
79FF1ABB	Opportunistic routing is a recent routing paradigm that achieves high throughput in the face of universally lossy wireless links in wireless mesh networks, likewise, network coding popularly investigated by many institutes is another approach of enhancing the throughput in wireless networks. How to combine the both techniques is an interesting research. To our knowledge, this is still an open issue to implement the multicast routing in wireless mesh networks simultaneously employing the both mechanisms. In this paper, we propose an efficient multicast protocol based on the opportunistic routing and network coding. Additionally, we also provide an ETX (expected number of transmissions) based cost metric formula of the multicast sub-group. Extensive simulation reveals that the performance of the novel presented multicast routing protocol outperforms the conventional multicast routing protocol in wireless mesh networks.
80D2279A	We introduce the concept of cognitive wireless mesh network, named CogMesh, in order to meet the future needs of ubiquitous wireless communications. CogMesh is not a concept that simply applies cognitive functionalities into traditional wireless mesh networks. Instead, it aims to enable a uniform service platform by seamlessly integrating heterogenous wireless networks through the utilization of advanced cognitive and adaptive technologies under a mesh structure. The context based reasoning, policy and role based control model, and distributed trust and security mechanism are applied in CogMesh to establish a flexible, reliable, scalable and adaptive wireless network in complex wireless environments. It serves as a model to inspire the design of future wireless networks.
7FBDEA4E	With the enhancement in channel bandwidth and mobile devices, more broadcast applications will be deployed in the wireless mesh networks (WMNs). While traditional approaches focus on finding a single broadcast tree in the network, we aim at maximizing the number of broadcast trees/calls that can be carried. In this paper, we first formulate an Integer Linear Program (ILP) for solving the minimum-channel-utilization broadcast tree problem in multi-channel multi-interface WMNs. In our ILP, channel assignment, routing, and scheduling are jointly considered for finding a broadcast tree that can minimize the maximum channel utilization. Intuitively, this balances all the accepted traffic load in the network, which in turn maximizes the chance of accepting future calls. However, solving ILP usually takes time and is less suitable for a system with real-time call arrival. An efficient heuristic algorithm is then designed. Our simulation results show that the proposed heuristic gives real-time response and provides comparable good performance as the ILP approach.
7D795FA8	This paper describes a wireless mesh network testbed for research in rapid deployment and auto-configuration of mesh nodes. Motivated by the needs of first responders and military personnel arriving to an incident area, we developed and tested an automated deployment algorithm that indicates when a mesh node needs to be deployed as the coverage area grows. Conventional radios can experience severe coverage limitations inside structures such as hi-rise buildings, subterranean buildings, caves, and underground mines. The approach examined here is to deploy wireless relays that extend coverage through multihop communication using a deployment algorithm that employs physical layer measurements. A flexible platform based on IEEE 802.11 radios has been implemented and tested in a subterranean laboratory complex where conventional public safety radios have no coverage. Applications tested include two-way voice, data, and location information. This paper describes the testbed, presents experimental results, and recommends areas for further study and development in rapidly-deployable multihop networks.
80144584	Wireless mesh networks (WMNs) are emerging as a favorable technology for last-mile Internet access. Nodes in WMNs can be equipped with multiple interfaces which work in different channels to increase the available bandwidth. However, efficient channel assignment schemes are still needed due to the interference effect and the limited number of orthogonal channels. In this paper, we consider the channel assignment and routing for dynamic traffic in WMNs. We adopt the static channel assignment strategy to the network interfaces. The problem is simplified into two sequential stages. The first is to assign channels to interfaces while the second is to determine the route for each coming traffic demand. We propose a Mixed Integer Linear Programming (MILP) formulation to the problem and develop a simulated annealing based channel assignment algorithm for the channel assignment. The shortest path routing is adopted for the dynamic traffic. Simulation results show the network throughput and blocking probability under different network scenarios.
810C6314	A multi-channel wireless mesh network (MC- WMN) consists of a number of stationary wireless routers, where each router is equipped with multiple network interface cards (NICs). Each interface operates on a distinct frequency channel. Two neighboring routers establish a logical link if each one has an interface operating on a common channel. Given the physical topology of the routers and other constraints, the logical topology formation algorithm determines the set of logical links. In general, since the number of NICs is limited, some logical links need to share an NIC in a router. The interface assignment algorithm determines the interface that a logical link should be attached to. In this paper, we formulate the logical topology design and interface assignment as a joint optimization problem to obtain an MC-WMN architecture, called TiMesh. We conducted extensive ns-2 simulation experiments to evaluate our algorithm and compared it with another MC-WMN architecture called Hyacinth. Simulation results show that our proposed scheme achieves a higher aggregated network goodput and lower end-to-end delay for both TCP and UDP traffic.
7E7E62A6	In this paper, we consider the problem of constructing bandwidth-guaranteed multicast tree in multi-channel multi-interface wireless mesh networks. We focus on the scenario of dynamic multicast call arrival, where each call has a specific bandwidth requirement. A call is accepted if a multicast tree with sufficient bandwidth on each link can be constructed. Intuitively, if the carried load on both the most-heavily loaded channel and the most-heavily loaded node is minimized, the traffic load in the network will be balanced. If the network load is balanced, more room will be available for accommodating future calls. This would maximize the call acceptance rate in the network. With the above notion of load balancing in mind, an Integer Linear Programming (ILP) formulation is formulated for constructing bandwidth-guaranteed tree. We show that the above problem is NP-hard, and an efficient heuristic algorithm called Largest Coverage Shortest-Path First (LC-SPF) is devised. Simulation results show that LC-SPF yields comparable call acceptance rate as the ILP formulation, but with much shorter running time.
7562C959	The authors focus on a wireless mesh network, that is, an ad hoc IEEE 802.11-based network whose nodes are either user devices or Access Points providing access to the mesh network or to the Internet. By relying on some work done within the IEEE 802.11s TG, the network nodes can use one control channel and one or more data channels, each on separate frequencies. Then, some problems related to channel access are identified and a MAC scheme is proposed that specifically addresses the problem of hidden terminals and the problem of coexisting control and data traffic on different frequency channels. An analytical model of the MAC scheme is presented and validated by using the Omnet++ simulator. Through the developed model, we show that our solution achieves very good performance both in regular and in very fragmented mesh topologies, and it significantly outperforms the standard 802.11 solution
8150059F	Recently, the idea of opportunistic routing has been widely explored to improve the performance of multi-hop wireless mesh networks. Most of the previous studies use simulations or empirical measurements to evaluate the performance gain of opportunistic routing and therefore are limited to relatively few types of scenarios. In this paper, we take an analytical approach to study the potential gain of opportunistic routing in multi- hop wireless networks. Unlike other analytical studies which use a deterministic channel model, our approach captures the key characteristics of opportunistic routing, i.e. its ability to take advantage of the numerous, yet unreliable wireless links in the network in a probabilistic manner and study the effectiveness of opportunistic routing under diverse radio propagation environment using lognormal shadowing and Rayleigh fading models. Our results show that, under typical network configurations and neglect overhead, the average progress per transmission of opportunistic routing in lognormal shadowing (Rayleigh fading) environment is about 3 (1.5) times higher than that of traditional unicast routing. Finally, we also demonstrate the potential benefits of using different forwarding regions and directional antennas in opportunistic routing.
7E957EA9	We consider multi-channel multi-interface wireless mesh networks with a schedule-based MAC protocol, where conflict-free transmission is ensured by requiring links assigned with the same channel and within the mutual interference range of each other to be active at different time slots. When a (point-to- multipoint) multicast call arrives, the call is accepted if a multicast distribution tree can be established for connecting the source node with all the receiving nodes, and with sufficient bandwidth reserved on each link. Otherwise, the call is rejected. To maximize the call acceptance rate, the multicast tree must be constructed judiciously upon each call arrival. Aiming at minimizing the carried load on the most-heavily loaded channel, and maximizing the residual capacity of the most heavily loaded node, an integer linear program (ILP) is formulated for multicast tree construction. Since solving ILP can be time-consuming, an efficient heuristic algorithm is then proposed. We compare the two tree construction algorithms by simulations. We found that both algorithms give comparable call acceptance rate, but the heuristic algorithm requires much shorter running time.
7FB4A589	This paper considers the problem of how to maximize throughput in multi-radio multi-channel wireless mesh networks. With mathematical model based on radio and radioto-radio link, we introduce a scheduling graph and show that the feasibility problem of time fraction vector is equal to the problem of whether the scheduling graph is [M]-colorable, where M is the number of slots in one period. We use this equivalence property to derive a sufficient condition of feasibility, and then, using this sufficient condition, we mathematically formulate the joint routing and channel assignment problem as a linear programming problem. Finally, we use vertex coloring to get a feasible schedule and lift the resulting flows. We prove that the optimality gap is above a constant factor. The numeric results demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed algorithm.
7E4F1DED	In a wireless mesh network (WMN) with a number of stationary wireless routers, the aggregate capacity can be increased when each router is equipped with multiple network interface cards (NICs) and each NIC within a router is assigned to a distinct orthogonal frequency channel. In this paper, given the logical topology of the network, we formulate the joint channel allocation, interface assignment, and media access control (MAC) problem as a cross-layer non-linear mixed-integer network utility maximization problem. An optimal joint design, based on exact binary linearization techniques, is proposed which leads to a global maximum. A near-optimal joint design, based on approximate dual decomposition techniques, is also proposed which is of more interest in terms of practical deployment. Performance evaluation is given through a number of numerical examples in terms of network utility maximization and aggregate network throughput.
80FC5601	Providing low-cost broadband internet access in rural area use either IEEE 802.11/802.16 based optimized network topology. Even using directional antenna, the point-to-point links at a transmitting node suffer from Mix-Tx-Rx interference when simultaneously receiving on another link due the presence of side lobes. Existing 2P MAC protocol allocate channels to the links assuming the network topology as bipartite graph. Thus, channel allocation problem can be modeled as partition of graph into bipartite subgraphs to run the 2P MAC protocol independently within each subgraph for the channels. Finding an optimal channel allocation that minimizes the mismatch between desired and achieved link capacities is NP-hard. If K channels are available then the heuristic to select K bipartite subgraphs to run 2P MAC simultaneously improves channel allocation problem. This paper proposes a new algorithm for partitioning the underlying graph into K bipartite sub graphs for channel allocation problem. The application of this technique lies in rural mesh network in providing low-cost internet access in the rural areas. Our K bipartite partition algorithm identifies K bipartite partitions and improves the approximation close to the optimal.
7AE97969	As an emerging technology, wireless mesh networks are making significant progress in the area of wireless networks in recent years. However, the nature of sharing transmission medium makes it challenging to fully exploit these networks. In an attempt to improve the radio resource utilization, several routing metrics have been specifically designed for wireless mesh networks. However none of these routing metrics efficiently tackles interference issues. In this paper, we propose a routing metric for wireless mesh networks, which takes account of the amount of interference by considering the traffic situation of adjacent nodes and selects less interfered path for transmission. The aim of this metric is to route the traffic through interference areas and balance the load amongst the network nodes. Simulation results show that the proposed routing metric reduces the end-to-end delay when compared to the MIC, ETT and hop-count routing metrics.
7E0A4DFE	Multi-radio, multi-channel wireless mesh networking is an emerging wireless technology which enables the use of multiple radios in each wireless mesh router. Each radio is assigned to a particular channel based on a channel assignment algorithm in order to solve some objective function, e.g., maximizing network throughput or minimizing wireless interference. Multicast is a form of communication that delivers information from a source to a set of destinations simultaneously. In this paper, we propose a channel assignment (CA) algorithm for multicast using both orthogonal and partially overlapping channels. The algorithm enables the nodes in a multicast tree to operate with minimum interference. We evaluate the performance of the proposed CA using various multicast group sizes and numbers of available channels, and compare it with that of the multi-channel multicast (MCM) algorithm proposed by Zeng et al
799AA6C4	Opportunistic Routing is emerging as a promising paradigm to mitigate performance degradation in wireless multi-hop networks due to lossy links and varying channel conditions. Opportunistic routing protocols exploit the broadcast nature of the wireless medium to perform hop-by-hop route construction, and to take advantage of path diversity. However, most of the existing solutions impose a-priori constraints on the set of candidate forwarders that can be used when routing a packet. In this paper, we describe MaxOPP, a flexible and adaptive opportunistic routing algorithm able to select at each hop, and at run-time, the candidate forwarders that can maximize the opportunistic throughput gain. Thus, forwarding decisions in MaxOPP are dynamically adapted to variations of network conditions, ensuring an efficient trade-off between reliability and opportunistic benefit. Simulations conducted with NS-2 on a set of representative scenarios show that MaxOPP achieves higher throughput for bulk data transfers than traditional shortest-path routing.
7E573DF5	Regarding maximum transmission rates, Ultra Wideband (UWB) seems to be the wireless technology which could successfully replace most of the data-cables in office and home environments: With up to 480 Mb/s gross data rate, wireless high-definition video streaming and data synchronization become feasible. Of course, these advantages come at a price: UWB is designed for short-range communication, limited to 10 m. While this suffices for some application, it does not fulfill the vision of ubiquitous wireless access in the fully-connected home. A straightforward solution to increase the network coverage is given by Wireless Mesh Networks (WMNs). In this paper, we analyze if the combination of UWB and WMN is able to provide the required coverage and the expected data rates. Several different deployment concepts (including ad- hoc networking and dedicated mesh relays) are evaluated with a realistic system model, which is able to compute the resulting network capacity. The results show that under the assumptions of the model, i. e. a MAC which is able to exploit spatial divided frequency reuse, UWB mesh networks are able to provide a stable capacity of more than 100 Mb/s in a typical scenario of up to 250 m2. Hence, the combination of the two technologies is able to succeed in much more application scenarios in comparison to the current UWB standard.
75ACA8E2	Wireless Mesh Networking (WMN) is an emerging communication paradigm to enable resilient, cost-efficient and reliable services for the future-generation wireless networks. In this paper, we study the problem of multipoint-to-multipoint (M2M) multicasting in a WMN which aims to use the minimum number of time slots to exchange messages among a group of mesh nodes in a multi-hop WMN with mesh nodes. We study the M2M multicasting problem in a distributed environment where each participant only knows that there are participants and it does not know who are other participants among mesh nodes. It is known that the computation of an optimal M2M multicasting schedule isNP-hard. We present a fully distributed deterministic algorithm for such an M2M multicasting problem and analyze its time complexity. We show that if the maximum hop distance between any two out of the participants is , then the studied M2M multicasting problem can be solved in time with a polynomial-time computation, which is an almost optimal scheme due to the lower bound given by Chlebus et al. (2009) [5]. Our algorithm also improves the currently best known result with running time by Gąsieniec et al. (2006) [13]. In this paper, we also propose a distributed deterministic algorithm which accomplishes the M2M multicasting in time with a polynomial-time computation in unit disk graphs. This is an asymptotically optimal algorithm in the sense that there exists a WMN topology, e.g., a line, a ring, a star or a complete graph, in which the M2M multicasting cannot be completed in less than units of time.
7D66224D	We propose Binary Waypoint Routing, a novel geographical routing protocol for wireless mesh networks. Its idea is to learn and maintain source routes to a small number of nodes called binary waypoints that are placed in subspaces constructed as a result of binary space partitioning. A source node sends a packet to a waypoint for a given destination and intermediate nodes try to adapt the packet route by aiming at waypoints that are closer to the destination. Our simulation results show that the proposed scheme achieves high packet delivery rate with a traffic pattern similar to the Optimal Shortest Path Routing.
7E5FF848	In mesh networks, various types of routing matrix are applicable. This document proposes a routing methodology, which makes use of the ETR (Expected Transmission Rate). The ETR is based on a load balancing metric contingent on the linked bandwidth of each integrated node. This routing methodology can be applied when selecting a relay node based on the present link efficiency between the available nodes determined dynamically while the service is used. The proposed method, called EETR (Efficient ETR), can improve the data relay speed by an average of 30% with small variance compared with ETR on a one-way link.
80F46248	Firewalls have been traditionally used to apply filtering policies in wired networks, to divide zones with different level of trust. In wireless distributed networks, such as mesh networks for service delivery, firewalling is a valuable instrument to control the behavior of the clients and avoid certain attacks, such as DoS attacks coming from the inside of the network. In previous works we have outlined the possibility of applying stateless firewalling to distributed mesh networks using Bloom filters. In this paper we will expand this model to perform stateful firewalling in mesh networks, that will allow a more fine-grained control over the traffic passing over the network. Preliminary experimental results are also provided
808FB9CB	Industrial wireless mesh networks are deployed in harsh and noisy environments for process measurement and control applications. Compared with wireless community networks, they have more stringent requirements on communication reliability and real-time performance. Missing or delaying of the process data by the network may severely degrade the overall control performance. In this paper, we abstract the primary reliability requirements in typical industrial wireless mesh networks and define three types of reliable routing graphs for different communication purposes. We present efficient algorithms to construct them and describe the recovery mechanisms in the event of component failures. Based on these graphs, data link layer communication schedules are generated to achieve end-to-end real-time performance. We demonstrate through extensive experimental results that our algorithms can achieve highly reliable routing, improved communication latency and stable real-time communication in large-scale networks at the cost of modest overhead in device configuration.
7E1A2B83	Wireless mesh networks represent a promising paradigm to provide a scalable infrastructure for Internet access in metropolitan areas. In this paper, a large-scale wireless mesh testbed deployed in three cities in the Trentino region is described and experimentation results obtained from the public use of the testbed are reported and analyzed. The large-scale of the deployment and high number of users ensure to have proper traces which can capture the trends in user traffic based on the applications used and realistic mobility patterns.
7B9007C7	The major challenge faced by wireless mesh networks is the capacity reduction caused by interference, and interference can be reduced or even eliminated through appropriate channel assignment. This article presents a comprehensive survey of channel assignment schemes for multicast in multi-radio multi-channel wireless mesh networks. We analyze the state-of-the-art channel assignment schemes for multicast and provide comprehensive taxonomy of the latest work. In general, we classify the channel assignment schemes for multicast into two types, that is, sequential multicast routing and channel assignment (SMRCA) and joint multicast routing and channel assignment (JMRCA). Detailed review of channel assignment schemes in each category is provided. Possible future research directions and corresponding solutions are also explored to motivate research interests in the field of channel assignment for multicast in wireless mesh networks.
77F022E9	Cities around the world have planned and implemented large-scale wireless mesh network deployments. These mesh deployments are expected to provide broadband mobile access to the Internet at a low-cost to the user. This paper considers the fairness problem for nodes in multihop wireless mesh networks. Many existing approaches are unsuitable because they require modifications to the IEEE 802.11 MAC protocol or node queueing operations. Such modifications require a change of hardware/firmware at every nodes in the wireless mesh network. Those approaches thus are less favorable from the interoperability and cost point of view. Without modifying the lower layer protocols, this study identifies TCP parameters that impact throughput fairness and proposes adjusting those parameters to reduce frame collisions and improve throughput fairness. Using simple mathematical formulations and ns2 simulations, this study shows that the frame transmissions from each node can be effectively controlled by properly controlling the delayed ACK timer and using a suitable advertised window. In addition to fairness, the proposed method requires fewer buffer resources than other methods. The proposed method is simple and easy to deploy.
77FE1037	Optimal routing in wireless mesh networks is a challenging problem considering inter- and intra-flow interference. To solve the problem, first, we define a new routing metric, expected path bandwidth (EPBW), where the varying link rate (due to wireless channel quality) and the dynamic link load (considering the inter- and intra-flow interference) have been considered to estimate EPBW accurately. Second, based on the proposed EPBW, we propose a distributed routing protocol for WMNs, aiming to maximize network throughput. We implement the proposed protocol and the routing metric EPBW in NS-2. We then design various scenarios to evaluate the protocol performance extensively using NS-2 simulation. Simulation results show that the proposed protocol and metric can substantially out-perform the state-of-the-art routing metrics, such as expected transmission count (ETX) and expected transmission time (ETT), and previous routing protocols including AODV, DSDV, and DSR.
7F563842	Widest spanning tree is a broadcast tree with its bottleneck link bandwidth maximized. It provides a cost effective broadcasting solution in multi-channel multi-interface wireless mesh networks. To find the widest spanning tree, existing algorithms jointly consider channel assignment, routing and scheduling while assuming the number of network interface cards (NICs) at each node is given. In this paper, we treat the number of NICs at each node as a design parameter, whereas the total number of NICs in the system is given. By properly placing more NICs to more "critical" nodes, the bandwidth of the spanning tree can be further increased. To this end, a new integer linear programming (ILP) is formulated for solving the widest spanning tree problem based on joint optimization of interface placement, channel assignment, routing and scheduling. Numerical results show that interface placement provides a significant boost to the bandwidth of the widest spanning tree found.
81378282	Efficient broadcast schemes are essential in wireless mesh networks (WMNs) for minimizing the content update time. In this paper, we consider the widest spanning tree problem in a multi-channel multi-interface WMN, where the width of a tree is determined by the bottleneck link bandwidth. To the best of our knowledge, we present the first effort in solving the widest spanning tree problem using mathematical formulation. In our model, we jointly consider and solve the problems of channel assignment, routing, scheduling and server/root placement. Unlike other spanning tree approaches, we allow WMN nodes to have heterogeneous number of network interface cards (NICs), and multiple NICs of a node can share the same assigned set of channels. To find a practical schedule, we also introduce the channel conflict graph and NIC constraint graph, and show that the associated scheduling problem is equivalent to the classic graph coloring problem.
7C8431A5	Multicasting is a useful communication method in wireless mesh networks (WMNs). Many applications in WMNs require efficient and reliable multicast communications, i.e., high delivery ratio with low overhead among a group of recipients. In spite of its significance, little work has been done on providing such multicast service in multi-channel WMNs. Traditional multicast protocols for wireless and multi-hop networks tend to assume that all nodes, each of which is equipped with a single interface, collaborate on the same channel. This single-channel assumption is not always true, as WMNs often provide nodes with multiple interfaces to enhance performance. In multi-channel and multi-interface (MCMI) WMNs, the same multicast data must be sent multiple times by a sender node if its neighboring nodes operate on different channels. In this paper, we try to tackle the challenging issue of how to design a multicast protocol more suitable for MCMI WMNs. Our multicast protocol builds multicast paths while inviting multicast members, and tries to allocate the same channel to neighboring members in a bottom-up manner. By unifying fixed channels of one-hop multicast neighbors, the proposed algorithm can improve the performance such as reducing multicast data transmission overhead and delay, while managing a successful delivery ratio. In order to prove such expectation on the performance, we have implemented and evaluated the proposed solution on the real testbed having the maximum 24 nodes, each of which is equipped with two IEEE 802.11a Atheros WLAN cards.