7B3CFEFE	Human motion capture embeds rich detail and style which is difficult to generate with competing animation synthesis technologies. However, such recorded data requires principled means for creating responses in unpredicted situations, for example reactions immediately following impact. This paper introduces a novel technique for incorporating unexpected impacts into a motion capture-driven animation system through the combination of a physical simulation which responds to contact forces and a specialized search routine which determines the best plausible re-entry into motion library playback following the impact. Using an actuated dynamic model, our system generates a physics-based response while connecting motion capture segments. Our method allows characters to respond to unexpected changes in the environment based on the specific dynamic effects of a given contact while also taking advantage of the realistic movement made available through motion capture. We show the results of our system under various conditions and with varying responses using martial arts motion capture as a testbed.
76AB37EE	Human motions are the product of internal and external forces, but these forces are very difficult to measure in a general setting. Given a motion capture trajectory, we propose a method to reconstruct its open-loop control and the implicit contact forces. The method employs a strategy based on randomized sampling of the control within user-specified bounds, coupled with forward dynamics simulation. Sampling-based techniques are well suited to this task because of their lack of dependence on derivatives, which are difficult to estimate in contact-rich scenarios. They are also easy to parallelize, which we exploit in our implementation on a compute cluster. We demonstrate reconstruction of a diverse set of captured motions, including walking, running, and contact rich tasks such as rolls and kip-up jumps. We further show how the method can be applied to physically based motion transformation and retargeting, physically plausible motion variations, and referencetrajectory- free idling motions. Alongside the successes, we point out a number of limitations and directions for future work. 
7BC98C56	In this paper we learn the skills required by real-time physics-based avatars to perform parkour-style fast terrain crossing using a mix of running, jumping, speed-vaulting, and drop-rolling. We begin with a single motion capture example of each skill and then learn reduced-order linear feedback control laws that provide robust ex- ecution of the motions during forward dynamic simulation. We then parameterize each skill with respect to the environment, such as the height of obstacles, or with respect to the task parameters, such as running speed and direction. We employ a continuation process to achieve the required parameterization of the motions and their affine feedback laws. The continuation method uses a predictor-corrector method based on radial basis functions. Lastly, we build control laws specific to the sequential composition of dif- ferent skills, so that the simulated character can robustly transition to obstacle clearing maneuvers from running whenever obstacles are encountered. The learned transition skills work in tandem with a simple online step-based planning algorithm, and together they robustly guide the character to achieve a state that is well-suited for the chosen obstacle-clearing motion. 
76087296	This paper describes a new method for acquiring physically realistic hand manipulation data from multiple video streams. The key idea of our approach is to introduce a composite motion control to simultaneously model hand articulation, object movement, and subtle interaction between the hand and object. We formulate video-based hand manipulation capture in an optimization framework by maximizing the consistency between the simulated motion and the observed image data. We search an optimal motion control that drives the simulation to best match the observed image data. We demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach by capturing a wide range of high-fidelity dexterous manipulation data. We show the power of our recovered motion controllers by adapting the captured motion data to new objects with different properties. The system achieves superior performance against alternative methods such as marker-based motion capture and kinematic hand motion tracking.
7A0A57F6	Educational/entertainment robots are usually designed to perform various gesture motions for nonverbal communication or interaction with humans[1]. This paper proposed a robot motion programming methodology by applying three-level robot motion hierarchical structure and a gesture variation method that can easily apply emotional attributes (Joy, Normal or Sad) to a robot's gesture. Experiments and evaluation tests are conducted with a graphical robot motion simulator and a real robot named Engkey, which is developed to carry out several tasks for interactive English education in elementary school or interactive games for elderly people.
7F84C700	In this paper, a unified tuning rule of the motion profiles for less vibration with flexible system is proposed. For the motion profiles including trapezoidal velocity profile, S and AS curve, the tuning rule is formulated using a Laplace-domain approach. By placing zeros of the motion profiles on poles of the system, which is so-called pole-zero cancellation, the vibration mode of the system can be eliminated, which results in obtaining shorter settling time. Through the Laplace-domain approach, conditions for reducing the residual vibration are derived systematically and the proposed approach can illustrate the characteristics of the motion profiles with ease. The effectiveness of the proposed tuning rule will be illustrated and verified by simulation with a XY stage with flexural structure.
8048EA2F	This paper presents a navigation system for truck-trailer combinations that enables accurate maneuvering to a target position, either assisted or automated. Functional and collision-free motion is achieved by a combination of laser scanner-based navigation and multimodal motion planning. The navigation system uses laser range data to recognize target objects and calculates corresponding target positions. The grid-based multi-dimensional path planner generates a collision-free minimum-cost trajectory for truck-trailer combinations with up to five degrees of freedom. The multimodal planner decides whether the approach is planned as a single backward motion, as a maneuvering path with reversal points or as a long distance approach using free navigation and virtual tracks. Optimized planning algorithms are used for each case. The complete system has been successfully tested using a combination of a Mercedes-Benz truck and a full trailer under varying environmental conditions. The test application was an assistance system for backward driving under a swap body -a very challenging application due to its strict accuracy requirements. The results promise high benefits for this and further applications.
7F6F0AE7	The question addressed in this paper is: just what do we need to know about a process in order to control it? With active disturbance rejection, perhaps we don't need to know as much as we were told. In fact, it is shown that the unknown dynamics and disturbance can be actively estimated and compensated in real time and this makes the feedback control more robust and less dependent on the detailed mathematical model of the physical process. In this paper we first examine the basic premises in the existing paradigms, from which it is argued that a paradigm shift is necessary. Using a motion control metaphor, the basis of such a shift, the active disturbance rejection control, is introduced. Stability analysis and applications are presented. Finally, the characteristics and significance of the new paradigm are discussed
814F7917	The improvement of active disturbance rejection control over the existing industry controller is benchmarked with the state of the art industrial automation equipment, using the common PLC, drive, and the mechanical transmissions of belt, gear, and direct coupling. All together 168 tests are run at various line speeds, different levels of pulse-like torque disturbance, and with various viscous friction. The results are tabulated for comparison, in terms of integrated absolute error and maximum error observed, and the RMS and peak torque required from the drive motor. In the worst case scenarios, across all variations of mechanical configuration, we observe the performance improvement from just under 20% to 290%, with comparable control efforts. Together with simplicity in the control algorithm itself, the ease of tuning and operation, such improvement establishes ADRC as a viable replacement of the existing industry controller in manufacturing.
77453B84	The motion relationship model of all axes involved in CNC hobbing machines is established. A single pitch adjustment method based on motion coupling relationship in gear hobbing is proposed. With position adjustment of only 0 to 1 pitch, the same motion coupling relationship during the whole machining process can be guaranteed. Though automatic programming system based on SINUMERIK 840D, the coupled motion control and adjustment in CNC hobbing process is realized. And practical application in CNC hobbing machines shows that this method can reduced adjustment time effectively during process, improving processing efficiency. 
7D683D03	This study concerns with the resonance problems in motion control, typically described in a two-inertia system model as compliance between the motor and load. We reformulate the problem in the framework of active disturbance rejection control (ADRC), where the resonance is assumed unknown and treated as disturbance, estimated and mitigated. This allows the closed-loop bandwidth to go well beyond the resonant frequency, which is quite difficult with the existing methods. In addition, such level of performance is achieved with minimum complexity in the controller design and tuning: no parameter estimation or adaptive algorithm is needed, and the controller is tuned by adjusting one parameter, namely, the bandwidth of the control loop. It is also shown that the proposed solution applies to both the velocity and position control problems, and the performance is monitored at both motor side and load side, with the latter case much more indicative of true quality of the control system, and the fact that ADRC offers an effective and practical motion control solution, in the presence of unknown resonant frequency within the bandwidth of the control system.
77F37071	Autonomous drive of wheeled mobile robot (WMR) needs implementing velocity and path tracking control subject to complex dynamical constraints. Conventionally, this control design is obtained by analysis and synthesis of the WMR system. This paper presents the dual heuristic programming (DHP) adaptive critic design of the motion control system that enables WMR to achieve the control purpose simply by learning through trial. The design consists of an adaptive critic velocity neuro-control loop and a posture neuro-control loop. The neural weights in the velocity neuro-controller (VNC) are corrected with the DHP adaptive critic method. The designer simply expresses the control objective with a utility function. The VNC learns by sequential optimization to satisfy the control objective. The posture neuro-controller (PNC) approximates the inverse velocity model of WMR so as to map planned positions to desired velocities. Supervised drive of WMR in variant velocities supplies training samples for the PNC and VNC to setup the neural weights. In autonomous drive, the learning mechanism keeps improving the PNC and VNC. The design is evaluated on an experimental WMR. The excellent results make it certain that the DHP adaptive critic motion control design enables WMR to develop the control ability autonomously.
7D18C437	This paper studies high performance robust motion control of linear motors that have a negligible electrical dynamics. A discontinuous projection based adaptive robust controller (ARC) is constructed. Since only output signal is available for measurement, an observer is first designed to provide exponentially convergent estimates of the unmeasurable states. This observer has an extended filter structure so that on-line parameter adaptation can be utilized to reduce the effect of the possible large nominal disturbances. Estimation errors that come from initial state estimates and uncompensated disturbances are effectively dealt with via certain robust feedback at each step of the ARC backstepping design. The resulting controller achieves a guaranteed output tracking transient performance and a prescribed final tracking accuracy. In the presence of parametric uncertainties only, asymptotic output tracking is also achieved. The scheme is implemented on a precision epoxy core linear motor. Experimental results are presented to illustrate the effectiveness and the achievable control performance of the proposed scheme.
7A8312C6	In this paper, we propose a new method to concatenate two dynamic full-body motions such as punches, kicks, and flips by using the angular momentum as a cue. Through the observation of real humans, we have identified two patterns of angular momentum that make the transition of such motions efficient. Based on these observations, we propose a new method to concatenate two full-body motions in a natural manner. Our method is useful for applications where dynamic, full-body motions are required, such as 3D computer games and animations. 
5C639134	In this paper, we propose an interactive motion synthesis technique that synthesizes a continuous motion sequence from given elementary motions. A user can either specify the execution timings of motions or execute motions in a sequence with automatically determined execution timings. Our method is based on a previous approach that determined the appropriate synthesis method and blending range for each pair of sequential motions, while considering the constraints between the foot and ground in the elementary motions to prevent foot sliding. However, using only the foot-ground constraints to determine the blending range may generate unnatural motions such as nonsmooth, too fast, or too slow transitions. Moreover, simple motion blending with a regular weight function can generate unnatural motions. To solve these problems, we have introduced an optimal blending range and a weight function, which are determined for each blending segment for the upper and lower body. We also introduced extensions for applying this method to interactive character control. We have successfully applied our method to both animation generation and interactive character control.
7DC92338	This paper presents a dynamic motion control technique for human-like articulated figures in a physically based character animation system. This method controls a figure such that the figure tracks input motion specified by a user. When environmental physical input such as an external force or a collision impulse are applied to the figure, this method generates dynamically changing motion in response to the physical input. We have introduced comfort and balance control to compute the angular acceleration of the figure's joints. Our algorithm controls the several parts of a human-like articulated figure separetely through the minimum number of degrees-of-freedom. Using this approach, our algorithm simulates realistic human motions at efficient computational cost. Unlike existing dynamic simulation systems, our method assumes that input motion is already realistic, and is aimed at dynamically changing the input motion in real-time only when unexpected physical input is applied to the figure. As such, our method works efficiently in the framework of current computer games.
7EBB3587	Multiple view 3D video reconstruction of actor performance captures a level-of-detail for body and clothing movement which is time-consuming to produce using existing animation tools. In this paper we present a framework for concatenative synthesis from multiple 3D video sequences according to user constraints on movement, position and timing. Multiple 3D video sequences of an actor performing different movements are automatically constructed into a surface motion graph which represents the possible transitions with similar shape and motion between sequences without unnatural movement artifacts. Shape similarity over an adaptive temporal window is used to identify transitions between 3D video sequences. Novel 3D video sequences are synthesized by finding the optimal path in the surface motion graph between user specified key-frames for control of movement, location and timing. The optimal path which satisfies the user constraints whilst minimizing the total transition cost between 3D video sequences is found using integer linear programming. Results demonstrate that this framework allows flexible production of novel 3D video sequences which preserve the detailed dynamics of the captured movement for an actress with loose clothing and long hair without visible artifacts.
7EB88694	Human motion tracking is an important problem in computer vision. Most prior approaches have concentrated on efficient inference algorithms and prior motion models; however, few can explicitly account for physical plausibility of recovered motion. The primary purpose of this work is to enforce physical plausibility in the tracking of a single articulated human subject. Towards this end, we propose a full-body 3D physical simulation-based prior that explicitly incorporates motion control and dynamics into the Bayesian filtering framework. We consider the human’s motion to be generated by a “control loop”. In this control loop, Newtonian physics approximates the rigid-body motion dynamics of the human and the environment through the application and integration of forces. Collisions generate interaction forces to prevent physically impossible hypotheses. This allows us to properly model human motion dynamics, ground contact and environment interactions. For efficient inference in the resulting high-dimensional state space, we introduce exemplar-based control strategy to reduce the effective search space. As a result we are able to recover the physically-plausible kinematic and dynamic state of the body from monocular and multi-view imagery. We show, both quantitatively and qualitatively, that our approach performs favorably with respect to standard Bayesian filtering methods.
80A15418	Precision motion control applications require high accuracy, fast dynamics and robustness performances. The success is dependent on not only advanced technology in actuators and measuring instruments that provide physical realization hardwares, but also innovative control approaches that contribute to performances improvement. This paper presents a design and realization framework of active disturbance rejection strategy for precision motion control problems. The approach deals with the external nonlinear friction, working load and other uncertainties of a motion control system, and the internal plant dynamics variations to be generalized disturbances. Such disturbances are estimated by a unique extended state observer in real time and actively compensated for by a proportional derivative controller. Moreover, the feedforward control is usually involved in the framework to improve the dynamic performances of the motion control system. For purpose of physical realization of the control algorithm, applications of general DSP and FPGA technologies are introduced to simplify and improve the realization. Finally, a precision motion control example is given to explain the design procedure and industrial application. The initial success provides a new robust motion control design approach.
7B6C0AD0	This paper describes some initial steps toward the development of more natural control strategies for free motion of robot arms. The standard lumped parameter dynamical model of an open kinematic chain is shown to be stabilizable by linear feedback, after nonlinear gravitational terms have been cancelled. A new control algorithm is proposed and is shown to drive robot joint positions and velocites asymptotically toward arbitrary time-varying reference trajectories.
7DE41CC7	I.McIC is a single-chip MPEG-2 video encoder for consumer storage applications. It supports both intra- and inter-coding mode to achieve bit rates from 5-15 Mb/s. It contains a recursive motion estimator, a programmable buffer/bit-rate controller, and a temporal noise-reduction stage. The resulting IC has 4.5/spl times/10/sup 6/ transistors and measures 192 mm/sup 2/ in a 0.5-/spl mu/m process. I.McIC was designed using mainly high-level synthesis tools. High-throughput fixed MPEG functions are performed by dedicated hardware. The remainder is performed in software by an embedded application-specific instruction-set processor with downloadable microcode to suit the IC for different applications of video coding.
8115D397	Addresses the question of how to achieve steady motion at very low velocities using proportional-derivative (PD) control. Most prior work in control has used friction models which depend only on the current value of velocity. This type of analysis indicates that stick-slip can be avoided only through velocity feedback. The tribology literature, however, indicates that friction also depends on the history of motion. By including this dependence, a second regime of stable motion is revealed which is associated with position feedback gains above a critical value. Two experimentally-based dynamic friction models are compared using a linearized stability analysis. In accord with experiment, a state variable friction model exhibits asymptotically stable motion for any system stiffness (position feedback gain) exceeding a critical value. This property is not exhibited by a time-lag friction model.
7FC41A02	Dimensional and perturbation analysis are applied to the problem of stick slip encountered during the motion of machines. The friction model studied is motivated by current tribological results and is appropriate for lubricated metal contacts. The friction model incorporates Coulomb, viscous, and Stribeck friction with frictional memory and rising static friction. Through dimensional analysis an exact model of the nonlinear system can be formed using five parameters rather than ten, greatly facilitating study and explicitly revealing the interaction of parameters. By converting the system of differential equations into a set of integrations, the perturbation technique makes approximate analysis possible where only numerical techniques had been available before. The analysis predicts the onset of stick slip as a function of plant and controller parameters; these results are compared with experimental data.
7D2827B3	The quality of field-rate conversion improves significantly with motion-compensation techniques. It becomes possible to interpolate new fields at their correct temporal position. This results in smooth motion portrayal without loss of temporal resolution. However, motion vectors are not always valid for every pixel or object in an image. Therefore, visible artifacts occur wherever such wrong vectors are used on the image. One effective method to solve this problem is the use of non-linear filtering. In this method, a wrongly interpolated pixel is either substituted or averaged with neighbouring pixels. We introduce and evaluate a new and very robust upconversion algorithm which is based on the non-linear filtering approach. It is unique in that it estimates motion vector reliability and uses this information to control the filtering process. This algorithm outperforms others in its class, especially when we have complex image sequences.
8000BAFF	In modern manufacturing, the design of multi-axis motion controllers for high-speed/high-precision and complex machining is becoming more critical. In the past, controllers for each axis were, in general, designed individually to obtain desirable tracking accuracy. Although some advanced motion control algorithms have been developed recently, they are mostly applicable to single-axis or biaxial systems. In particular, the design of two-axis integrated control, which includes: 1) feedback loops; 2) feedforward loops; and 3) the cross-coupled control (CCC), achieves significantly improved performance. However, its applications are limited to basic linear and circular contour commands for two-axis systems only. In this paper, system analysis for the multi-axis integrated control structure is proposed in order to achieve tracking and contouring accuracy simultaneously. With the derived contouring error transfer function (CETF), the integrated control design for multi-axis motion systems can be formulated simply as a single-input-single-output (SISO) design. Thus, a robust design with desirable performance for multi-axis motion systems can then be achieved straightforwardly. Moreover, by estimating the contouring error vector, the proposed multi-axis integrated control can be widely applied to general contour commands. Experimental results on a three-axis CNC machining center indicate that both tracking and contouring accuracy are simultaneously improved by applying the proposed control design.
803CD316	Recently, feedforward controllers like zero phase error tracking controllers (ZPETC) and cross-coupled controllers (CCC) have been developed to effectively reduce tracking error and contouring error, respectively. This paper proposes an integrated controller which combines ZPETC and CCC to achieve both tracking and contouring accuracy. Furthermore, studies indicate that ZPETC and CCC can be designed separately in the present integrated control design. In the provided experimental setup with a servo table, an optimal ZPETC and a robust CCC based on the contouring error transfer function (CETF) were designed to achieve desirable frequency responses and stability. Experimental results show that the proposed integrated controller renders significantly improved accuracy in both tracking and contouring.
7D2E4346	A simple robust autodisturbance rejection controller (ADRC) in linkspace is proposed to realize high precision tracking control of a general 6 degrees of freedom (DOF) Stewart platform in this paper. In practice, the performance of the controlled system is limited by how to select the high-quality differential signal in the presence of disturbances and measurement noise. Moreover, unmodeled nonlinear friction provides degradation on the motion precision. So, a nonlinear tracking differentiator in the feedforward path and an extended states observer in the feedback path are designed to obtain high quality differential signal and the real action component of unknown disturbance signals including nonlinear friction without a precise mathematical model. The nonlinear PD (proportional derivative) controller is used to synthesize the control action to give a superior performance. Extensive simulations and experimental results are presented to verify the effectiveness and ease of engineering implementation of the proposed method. The developed ADRC controller is simple and directly intuitive to the practitioners.
7FDCAA77	In this paper, we propose a new complete closed-form formula for asymmetric motion profiles of long, medium, and short distances, which enables easy manipulation of jerks in arrival time for effectively reducing the acceleration and thus the overshoot. The design parameter named jerk ratio is newly introduced to scale down the jerks during the deceleration period so that the velocity profile is in an asymmetric S-curve. Owing to the jerk ratio, the motion formulas are remarkably simplified in analytic forms for short, medium, and long distances. The effectiveness of the proposed approach will be illustrated with the sledge movement control in an optical data storage system by experiments.
81D6B65F	This paper analyzes a disturbance observer with a focus on parameter variations. The parameter variations are the inertia variation and the variation of torque coefficient. Conventionally, their nominal values are designed not as control parameters but the same values as the actual ones. However, disturbance observer is able to include the effect of phase compensation by properly selecting the nominal model parameters. In this paper, these nominal model parameters are actively designed to achieve the phase compensation. This paper proposes the design method of observer to achieve phase compensation based on disturbance observer. Compared with implementing phase compensator, the control system is simple and easy to design. The selection of these parameters has some restriction. When the nominal model parameters are much separated from the actual ones, the stability of the control system deteriorates. This paper focuses on the inertia variation and neglects the variation of torque coefficient. Furthermore, the stability of position and force control systems is analyzed. The validity of the proposed design method and the effect of phase compensation are verified by some experimental results.
7DAF24B9	The tuning method of controllers can be used for effectively determining the overall performance of positioning systems. In particular, this method is highly effective in the case of high-speed and high-accuracy positioning systems. In this paper, a sliding-mode controller that uses one of the well-known approaches of robust control methodology is designed for high-speed positioning systems that require a high-accuracy performance. A performance-tuning method based on a disturbance observer (DOB) structure is also proposed. First, a generalized disturbance attenuation framework named robust internal-loop compensator (RIC) is introduced, and a sliding-mode controller based on a Lyapunov redesign is analyzed in the RIC framework. Then, the DOB properties of the sliding-mode controller are presented, and it is shown that the performance of the closed-loop system with a sliding-mode controller can be tuned up by using the structural characteristics of the DOB. These results make the design of an enhanced sliding-mode controller possible. Finally, the proposed algorithm is experimentally verified and discussed with two positioning systems. Experimental results show the effectiveness and the robustness of the proposed scheme.
7D5A3C38	This paper investigates the effects of two control algorithms on high-performance point-to-point motions. The emphasis here is to overcome challenges in precision positioning of high-acceleration tables in the presence of significant external disturbances and exited vibration: an A-type of iterative learning control (ILC) (A-ILC) algorithm for repetitive motions and a look-ahead finite impulse response (FIR) filter plus sliding-mode control (SMC) for nonrepetitive motions. The model-free convergence condition and the fastest converging parameter equation for A-ILC are given in the frequency domain. Then, the FIR coefficients are decided through the ILC results and modified to eliminate the friction effect. Experimental studies demonstrate that both the algorithms perform well and the FIR-SMC algorithm is robust in various experimental scenarios which include high acceleration (of 73.7 m/s2 or about 7.5 g), model parameters, and disturbance deviations from the position, velocity, and acceleration at which the ILC (and, hence, FIR) is trained.
7FE0E917	Recently, in the motion control area, one of the most challenging problems has been synchronization control of multiple motion axes or drivers. Unfortunately, the majority of the previous approaches have not fully addressed the synchronization problem when the system performs a complex motion. In this paper, a novel synchronized design of the high-precision motion control system is presented. The basic idea is to introduce the coupling and synchronization factors into the definition of the synchronization error. Then, a new quadratic performance index incorporating the synchronization errors of the multiple motion axes is introduced so that the resulting control law generates the cross-coupling control action, and as a consequence, improved tracking and synchronization performance can be obtained. The key to the success of the new design is to ensure that each motor tracks its desired trajectory while synchronizing motion with others. Computer simulations and real-time experiments on a servo system with two permanent-magnet linear motors demonstrate the effectiveness of the method
81486F5E	In this paper, effort is devoted to point-to-point motion control for the high-acceleration positioning table driven by linear motors. New performance indices for point-to-point motion are first introduced. Then, a cascaded controller is designed. It consists of an inner loop velocity PI controller and an outer loop position P plus A-type iterative learning controller. In the subsequence, the convergence analysis in both time and frequency domains is given. The control strategy has the property that only the position signal is required in the outer loop. With the common motion profiles, i.e., T-curve and S-curve, and partial knowledge of the system, point-to-point motion experiments are carried out. The maximum acceleration of the motion profile is 0.04 (about 4.07 g), and the maximum velocity is 0.4 mm/ms. Experimental results illustrate that the proposed controller can greatly improve the performance, and the S-curve motion profile has advantages over the T-curve one.
7F7A4161	The computerized numerical control machine tool is a highly integrated mechatronic system in manufacturing processes. However, uncertainties degrade its motion accuracy. These include modeling errors, parameter variation, friction, and measurement errors that are present in either linear or nonlinear nature. In this paper, a state-space disturbance observer was successfully applied to servomotors to estimate and compensate for the uncertainties of parameter variation and current measurement problems, in the velocity and current loops, respectively. Furthermore, an autotuning procedure was developed accordingly to identify the varied parameters of the motor. Furthermore, by implementing the present servomotor systems in high-precision machine tools, the nonlinear friction compensation was adopted to reduce the slip-stick effect in contouring motion. Experimental results indicate that the roundness error has been significantly reduced from 13.3 to 2.0 ¿m by applying the proposed approaches.
7E7D0801	A mix locally recurrent neural network was used to create a proportional-integral-derivative (PID)-like neural network nonlinear adaptive controller for uncertain multivariable single-input/multi-output system. It is composed of a neural network with no more than three neural nodes in hidden layer, and there are included an activation feedback and an output feedback, respectively, in a hidden layer. Such a special structure makes the exterior feature of the neural network controller able to become a P, PI, PD, or PID controller as needed. The closed-loop error between directly measured output and expected value of the system is chosen to be the input of the controller. Only a group of initial weights values, which can run the controlled closed-loop system stably, are required to be determined. The proposed controller can update weights of the neural network online according to errors caused by uncertain factors of system such as modeling error and external disturbance, based on stable learning rate. The resilient back-propagation algorithm with sign instead of the gradient is used to update the network weights. The basic ideas, techniques, and system stability proof were presented in detail. Finally, actual experiments both of single and double inverted pendulums were implemented, and the comparison of effectiveness between the proposed controller and the linear optimal regulator were given.
80B301CB	Most video watermarking algorithms embed the watermark in I-frames, but refrain from embedding in P- and B-frames, which are highly compressed by motion compensation. However, P-frames appear more frequently in the compressed video and their watermarking capacity should be exploited, despite the fact that embedding the watermark in P-frames can increase the video bit rate significantly. This paper gives a detailed overview of a common approach for embedding the watermark in I-frames. This common approach is adopted to use P-frames for video watermarking. We show that by limiting the watermark to nonzero-quantized AC residuals in P-frames, the video bit-rate increase can be held to reasonable values. Since the nonzero-quantized AC residuals in P-frames correspond to nonflat areas that are in motion, temporal and texture masking are exploited at the same time. We also propose embedding the watermark in nonzero quantized AC residuals with spatial masking capacity in I-frames. Since the locations of the nonzero-quantized AC residuals is lost after decoding, we develop a watermark detection algorithm that does not depend on this knowledge. Our video watermark detection algorithm has controllable performance. We demonstrate the robustness of our proposed algorithm to several different attacks.
813EE6E7	Media streaming over wireless links is a challenging problem due to both the unreliable, time-varying nature of the wireless channel and the stringent delivery requirements of media traffic. In this paper, we use joint control of packet scheduling at the transmitter and content-aware playout at the receiver, so as to maximize the quality of media streaming over a wireless link. Our contributions are twofold. First, we formulate and study the problem of joint scheduling and playout control in the framework of Markov decision processes. Second, we propose a novel content-aware adaptive playout control, that takes into account the content of a video sequence, and in particular the motion characteristics of different scenes. We find that the joint scheduling and playout control can significantly improve the quality of the received video, at the expense of only a small amount of playout slowdown. Furthermore, the content-aware adaptive playout places the slowdown preferentially in the low-motion scenes, where its perceived effect is lower.
7DC6401A	A methodology for exact robot motion planning and control that unifies the purely kinematic path planning problem with the lower level feedback controller design is presented. Complete information about a freespace and goal is encoded in the form of a special artificial potential function, called a navigation function, that connects the kinematic planning problem with the dynamic execution problem in a provably correct fashion. The navigation function automatically gives rise to a bounded-torque feedback controller for the robot's actuators that guarantees collision-free motion and convergence to the destination from almost all initial free configurations. A formula for navigation functions that guide a point-mass robot in a generalized sphere world is developed. The simplest member of this family is a space obtained by puncturing a disk by an arbitrary number of smaller disjoint disks representing obstacles. The other spaces are obtained from this model by a suitable coordinate transformation. Simulation results for planar scenarios are provided.
81208EA3	This paper studies the high performance robust motion control of an epoxy core linear motor, which has negligible electrical dynamics due to the fast response of the electrical subsystem. A discontinuous projection based adaptive robust controller (ARC) is first constructed. The controller theoretically guarantees a prescribed transient performance and final tracking accuracy in general, while achieving asymptotic tracking in the presence of parametric uncertainties. A desired compensation ARC scheme is then presented, in which the regressor is calculated using the reference trajectory information only. The resulting controller has several implementation advantages such as less online computation time, reduced effect of measurement noise, a separation of robust control design from parameter adaptation, and a faster adaptation rate. Both schemes are implemented and compared on an epoxy core linear motor. Extensive comparative experimental results are presented to illustrate the effectiveness and the achievable control performance of the two ARC designs.
7E6DD7FD	The zero phase error tracking controller (ZPETC) in motion control, as proposed by Tomizuka (1987) , renders the desirable zero phase error, but with a limited gain response. Moreover, a ZPETC, which is basically in a feedforward control structure, is very sensitive to modeling error. To improve the tracking accuracy of the ZPETC, this paper presents an optimal ZPETC design with a concise polynomial digital prefilter (DPF). The parameters of this well-designed DPF are obtained through the derived L/sub 2/-norm optimization. By cascading the developed DPF to the ZPETC, the resultant optimal ZPETC greatly improves the bandwidth of the tracking control systems while maintaining the zero phase error. Compared with other optimal approaches, the present design leads to much simpler procedures and fewer computations. Furthermore, the proposed optimal ZPETC can be adequately implemented as an adaptive ZPETC by including real-time estimation technique to cope with the external load perturbation and parameter variation. Compared with the other adaptive approaches, the optimal concept is used in the present adaptive ZPETC, and it also renders more accurate results because of its improved magnitude response. Experimental results on a DC servo table with different controllers indicate that when there is no loading, the present optimal ZPETC achieves the best tracking performance. Moreover, the adaptive ZPETC achieves the most satisfactory results when an external load is applied.
7CF3BBE4	An optimal feedforward controller which makes a hybrid usage of the shift (q) and delta (/spl delta/) operators is proposed for high-speed and high-precision digital motion control systems. Uncancellable discrete-time zeros arising from sampling the continuous-time plant at high rates, which make the mathematical inverse unstable, are handled in a natural way. The controller is optimized to have good performance in both low and high frequency ranges, and it is able to handle uncancellable discrete-time zeros in the right half plane. The optimization problem is generalized to an H/sup /spl infin// problem. Convex minimization is used to find the solution to the optimization problem. Simulation results and experiments carried out on an MC-510V Matsuura vertical machining center show superior performance of the proposed optimal hybrid feedforward controller.
7E863340	The design and realization of an online learning motion controller for a linear motor is presented, and its usefulness is evaluated. The controller consists of two components: (1) a model-based feedback component, and (2) a learning feedforward component. The feedback component is designed on the basis of a simple second-order linear model, which is known to have structural errors. In the design, an emphasis is placed on robustness. The learning feedforward component is a neural-network-based controller, comprised of a one-hidden-layer structure with second-order B-spline basis functions. Simulations and experimental evaluations show that, with little effort, a high-performance motion system can be obtained with this approach.
7D68075E	In this paper, a modified preview control technique is proposed to compensate packet loss in a wireless tracking control system, where future reference signals over a finite horizon can be previewed. In order to utilize future reference information for the controller design, the system model is augmented with a reference generator whose states are the future reference signals. As a response to the packet loss that occurs in the wireless network, the preview control technique is modified by employing Bernoulli variables to represent packet loss in both controller-actuator and sensor-controller channels. The Bernoulli packet loss model, along with tracking errors and control inputs, is included in a quadratic cost function, and the optimal controller gain that minimizes the cost function is obtained by dynamic programming. A modified Kalman filter considering packet loss is utilized for full-state estimation and state feedback control. The choice of preview horizon is discussed and the performance of the proposed controller is verified by simulation and experimental results.
7CF35A1A	Motion control is now recognized as a key technology in mechatronics. The robustness of motion control will be represented as a function of stiffness and a basis for practical realization. Target of motion is parameterized by control stiffness which could be variable according to the task reference. However, the system robustness of motion always requires very high stiffness in the controller. The paper shows that control of acceleration realizes specified motion simultaneously with keeping the robustness very high. The acceleration is a bridge to connect such robustness and variable stiffness. For practical applications, a technique to estimate disturbance is introduced to make motion controller to be an acceleration controller. Motion control of flexible structure and identification of mechanical parameters are also described.
7FC87A7B	Precision positioning machines are required to run with higher speed and higher accuracy. The high running speed can cause strong excitations on the machine structure, which results in severe structure vibration and long settling time. This paper presents a low-vibration motion profile generation method to reduce the residual vibration. The acceleration profile is designed by using a level-shifted sinusoidal waveform to have an s-shape in order to control its change rate. Simulation and experimental studies showed that in comparison with conventional trapezoidal profile and s-curve profile, the residual vibration by using the proposed motion profile can be reduced significantly.
7E9BDB91	This paper presents a predictive gain scheduler for path tracking control in a networked control system with variable delay. The controller uses the plant model to predict future position and find the amount of travel possible with the global path as a constraint. Based on variable network conditions and vehicle trajectory's curvature the vehicle is allowed to travel farther on the current control signal while the vehicle trajectory matches the path constraint. This method uses path specific characteristics to evaluate the effectiveness of each generated control signal. By scheduling the gain on the control signal the vehicle tracking performance is maintained with an increase in network delay. The tracking time is decreased compared to other methods since the proposed control method allows the controller to look ahead and thus evaluate predicted effect of each control signal before scaling it. The proposed method is compared with existing delay compensation methods through simulation.
77A48E06	This paper describes an algorithm for automatically adapting existing simulated behaviors to new characters. Animating a new character is difficult because a control system tuned for one character will not, in general, work on a character with different limb lengths, masses, or moments of inertia. The algorithm presented here adapts the control system to a new character in two stages. First, the control system parameters are scaled based on the sizes, masses, and moments of inertia of the new and the original characters.  Then a subset of the parameters is fine-tuned using a search process based on simulated annealing.  To demonstrate the  effectiveness of this approach, we animate the running motion of a woman, child, and imaginary character by modifying the control system for a man. We also animate the bicycling motion of a second imaginary character by modifying the control system for a man. We evaluate the results of this approach by comparing the motion of the simulated human runners with video of an actual child and with data for men, women, and children in the literature.  In addition to adapting a control system for a new model, this approach can also be used to adapt the control system in an on-line fashion to produce a physically realistic metamorphosis from the original to the new model while the morphing character is  performing  the behavior.   We  demonstrate this on-line adaptation with a morph from a man to a woman over a period of twenty seconds.
75743E64	This paper describes the application of spacetime constraints to creating transitions between segments of human body motion. The motion transition generation uses a combination of spacetime constraints and inverse kinematic constraints to generate seamless and dynamically plausible transitions between motion segments. We use a fast recursive dynamics formulation which makes it possible to use spacetime constraints on systems with many degrees of freedom, such as human figures. The system uses an interpreter of a motion expression language to allow the user to manipulate motion data, break it into pieces, and reassemble it into new, more complex, motions. We have successfully used the system to create basis motions, cyclic data, and seamless motion transitions on a human body model with 44 degrees of freedom.
7C2DE318	Techniques from the image and signal processing domain can be successfully applied to designing, modifying, and adapting animated motion. For this purpose, we introduce multiresolution motion filtering, multitarget motion interpolation with dynamic timewarping, waveshaping and motion displacement mapping. The techniques are well-suited for reuse and adaptation of existing motion data such as joint angles, joint coordinates or higher level motion parameters of articulated figures with many degrees of freedom. Existing motions can be modified and combined interactively and at a higher level of abstraction than conventional systems support. This general approach is thus complementary to keyframing, motion capture, and procedural animation.
6E8D4190	We present an efficient fine granular scalable video compression scheme which supports a fast bit rate adaptation independent of the encoder. The proposed scheme generates an embedded bitstream for each frame or, by appropriate multiplexing, for each group of picture. This rate-scalability is supported by an embedded bitstream which allows decoding at multiple rates, or to be more specific at virtually any rate. Drift removing techniques based on intra refresh or feedback mechanisms are presented. We show the potential of this video codec for variable bit rate channels as well as in combination with an unequal erasure protection scheme for error robust and efficient transmission over packet erasure channels. Possible enhancements of the presented coding schemes are discussed.
7F636B38	Multi-hypothesis prediction extends motion compensation with one prediction signal to the linear superposition of several motion-compensated prediction signals with the result of increased coding efficiency. The multiple hypotheses in this paper are blocks in past decoded frames. These blocks are referenced by individual motion vectors and picture reference parameters incorporating long-term memory motion-compensated prediction. In this work, we at most employ two hypotheses similar to B-frames. However, they are obtained from the past. Due to the increased rate for the motion vectors, rate-constrained coder control is utilized. For this scheme, we demonstrate the coding efficiency of multi-hypothesis prediction in combination with variable block size and long-term memory and present bit-rate savings up to 32% when compared to standard variable block size prediction without long-term memory motion compensation.
8158ED0D	This paper describes the design and implementation of a model-reference adaptive motion controller for a differential-drive mobile robot. This controller uses absolute position information to modify control parameters in real time to compensate for motion errors. Robot motion errors are classified into internal and external errors. A cross-coupling control method is used to compensate for the internal errors that can be detected by wheel encoders. The adaptive controller provides compensation for external errors. The adaptive controller is analyzed, and its stability and convergence are discussed. Experiments are conducted to evaluate the control system and the results show significant improvements over conventional controllers.
7E60084C	A high-level controller for a SMALL workcell (Sawyer-motor assembly workcell) is presented. It allows multiple independent process to share the robot modules and workspace of a single workcell, by planning and scheduling collision-free paths for module motions in real time. Planning may involve moving around other modules, stationary or in motion, waiting for motions to complete, or displacing obstructing idle modules. The controller handles any number of robots in simultaneous motion along paths consisting of multiple rectilinear segments. Collision avoidance and path-planning are addressed in two dimensions, with extensions to three dimensions briefly discussed. Design considerations for the algorithms involve throughput, protection, fairness, and starvation considerations. Capabilities to allow independent processes to cooperate without interference are provided.
761A235C	A computer-controlled vehicle that is part of a mobile nursing robot system is described. The vehicle applies a motion control strategy that attempts to avoid slippage and minimize positionerrors. A cross-coupling control algorithm that guarantees a zero steady-state orientation error(assuming no slippage) is proposed and a stability analysis of the control system is presented.Results of experiments performed on a prototype vehicle verify the theoretical analysis.
75380138	Linear motors offer several advantages over their rotary counterparts in many precision manufacturing applications requiring linear motion; linear motors can achieve a much higher speed and have the potential of gaining a higher load positioning accuracy due to the elimination of mechanical transmission mechanisms. However, these advantages are obtained at the expense of added difficulties in controlling such a system. Specifically, linear motors are more sensitive to disturbances and parameter variations. Furthermore, certain types of linear motors such as the iron core are subject to significant nonlinear effects due to periodic cogging force and force ripple. To address all these issues, the recently proposed adaptive robust control (ARC) strategy is applied and a discontinuous projection-based ARC controller is constructed. In particular, based on the special structures of various periodic nonlinear forces, design models consisting of known basis functions with unknown weights are used to approximate those unknown nonlinear forces. On-line parameter adaptation is then utilized to reduce the effect of various parametric uncertainties such as unknown weights, inertia, and motor parameters while certain robust control laws are used to handle the uncompensated uncertain nonlinearities effectively for high performance. The resulting ARC controller achieves a guaranteed transient performance and a guaranteed final tracking accuracy in the presence of both parametric uncertainties and uncertain nonlinearities. In addition, in the presence of parametric uncertainties, the controller achieves asymptotic output tracking. Extensive simulation results are shown to illustrate the effectiveness of the proposed algorithm.
761D052C	To suppress two-dimensional load sway caused by the horizontal boom motion of a rotary crane, both horizontal and vertical boom motions are generally used. However, it would be more energy efficient and safer if a control scheme using only horizontal boom motion could be developed, eliminating the need for any boom vertical motion. In addition, if we can suppress load sway without the need to measure it, cost reduction of sensors can be achieved. Furthermore, the use of simple velocity trajectory patterns such as a trapezoidal velocity pattern and an S-curve acceleration/deceleration pattern, which are widely used in industrial automation systems, may provide cost-effective implementation of controllers. This paper presents a simple model of rotary crane dynamics that includes only significant centrifugal and Coriolis force terms. This simple model allows analytical solutions of the differential equations of the model to be derived. Thus, S-curve trajectory that considers residual vibration suppression without sensing it, using only horizontal boom motion, can be generated by solving only algebraic equations numerically. The effectiveness of the proposed method is demonstrated by numerical simulations and experimental results.
78E1A850	Programming with graphical languages implements a completely new type of man-machine interface. Conventional text-based programming is an inherently linear process that forces engineers and scientists to think and express their ideas in terms constrained by the programming language. The ability to visualise graphically a process or algorithm allows them, however, to express their ideas in a more intuitive, natural way. This is true, particularly for parallel processes. LabVIEW is such an icon-based graphical programming system that provides a powerful alternative for scientific and engineering programming - it offers the significant productivity gains of a graphical environment with no sacrifice in performance or flexibility. Typical scientific applications include process control, automation, instrumentation, motion control, simulation, and a number of other technical disciplines.
7E346C88	This paper presents, to the best of our knowledge, the first instance of real-time human-robot interaction using motion capture (mocap) data obtained from fully wireless, on-body sensor networks. During the learning phase, data for motion such as waving of the hands, standing on a leg, performing sit-ups and squats is captured from a human strapped with the Orient motion capture specks. Key features are extracted from the captured motion data using unsupervised learning algorithms. During subsequent interactions with the robot, the motion of the operator, speckled with Orients, is classified and the robot selects to play the closest motion. This approach is particularly useful in situations where the robot operates a well defined vocabulary of motion, and the advantages are the real-time interaction and the rapidity (in a matter of minutes) in programming new behaviour compared to a heuristics-based approach. This paper compares the performances of three unsupervised learning algorithms: c-means, k-means and Expectation Maximisation (EM) for the four motion scenarios. Nine best candidates for the three learning algorithms for each of the four motion scenarios were selected in the Webots robot simulator and then transferred to the real robot. Metrics were defined for each motion scenario and their performances compared for the three learning algorithms. In all the cases the motions were able to be imitated; c-means was the best, followed closely by the k-means algorithms, and the reasons have been analysed.
80F79A33	In this paper, we propose a new method for simulating reactive motions for running or walking human figures. The goal is to generate realistic animations of how humans compensate for large external forces and maintain balance while running or walking. We simulate the reactive motions of adjusting the body configuration and altering footfall locations in response to sudden external disturbance forces on the body. With our proposed method, the user first imports captured motion data of a run or walk cycle to use as the primary motion. While executing the primary motion, an external force is applied to the body. The system automatically calculates a reactive motion for the center of mass and angular momentum around the center of mass using an enhanced version of the linear inverted pendulum model. Finally, the trajectories of the generalized coordinates that realize the precalculated trajectories of the center of mass, zero moment point, and angular momentum are obtained using constrained inverse kinematics. The advantage of our method is that it is possible to calculate reactive motions for bipeds that preserve dynamic balance during locomotion, which was difficult using previous techniques. We demonstrate our results on an application that allows a user to interactively apply external perturbations to a running or walking virtual human model. We expect this technique to be useful for human animations in interactive 3D systems such as games, virtual reality, and potentially even the control of actual biped robots.